

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000063754-15-000013
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20141130
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150129
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150129
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MCCORMICK & CO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000063754
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS FOOD PREPARATIONS & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2090]
		IRS NUMBER:				520408290
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14920
		FILM NUMBER:		15558780
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18 LOVETON CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 6000
		CITY:			SPARKS
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21152
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4107717301
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18 LOVETON CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 6000
		CITY:			SPARKS
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21152
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MCCORMICK & CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19660620












		


Washington
For the fiscal year ended November&#160;30
McCORMICK&#160;&amp; COMPANY
18 Loveton Circle
 Sparks
Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
Common Stock
Common Stock Non-Voting
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&#160;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website
 if any
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item&#160;405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked prices of such common equity
The aggregate market value of the Voting Common Stock held by non-affiliates at May&#160;31
 2014: $859
593
The aggregate market value of the Non-Voting Common Stock held by non-affiliates at May&#160;31
 2014: $8
504
657
Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant&#8217;s classes of common stock
11
963
December&#160;31
116
305
December&#160;31
McCormick&#8217;s March&#160;25
As used herein
 references to &#8220;McCormick
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us&#8221; and &#8220;our&#8221; are to McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated and its consolidated subsidiaries or
 as the context may require
 McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
McCormick is a global leader in flavor. The company manufactures
 markets and distributes spices
 seasoning mixes
 condiments and other flavorful products to the entire food industry&#8211;retail outlets
 food manufacturers and foodservice businesses. Our major sales
 distribution and production facilities are located in North America
 Europe and China. Additional facilities are based in Australia
 Mexico
 India
 Singapore
 Central America
 Thailand and South Africa. McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
We operate in two business segments
 consumer and industrial. Demand for flavor is growing globally
 and across both segments we have the customer base and product breadth to participate in all types of eating occasions. Our products deliver flavor when cooking at home
 dining out
Consistent with market conditions in each segment
 our consumer business has a higher overall profit margin than our industrial business. Historically
 the consumer business contributes approximately 60% of sales and 80% of operating income
For financial information about our business segments
For a discussion of our recent acquisition activity
From locations around the world
 our brands reach consumers in more than 135 countries and territories. Our leading brands in the Americas include McCormick
 Lawry&#8217;s
. In Europe
 the Middle East and Africa (EMEA) our major brands include the Ducros
brands of spices
brand dessert items. In the Asia/Pacific region
&#32;brands in China. In Australia
 we market our spices
&#32;brand. In India
Our customers span a variety of retail outlets that include grocery
 mass merchandise
 warehouse clubs
 discount and drug stores
 served directly and indirectly through distributors or wholesalers. In addition to marketing our branded products to these customers
 we are also a leading supplier of private label items
Approximately half of our consumer business is spices
 herbs and seasonings. For these products
 we are a category leader in our primary markets. There are a number of competitors in the spices
 herbs and seasoning category
More than 250 other brands of spices
 herbs and seasonings are sold in the U.S. with additional brands in international markets. Some are owned by large food manufacturers
 while others are supplied by small privately owned companies. In this competitive environment
 we are leading with innovation and brand marketing
In our industrial business
 we provide a wide range of products to multinational food manufacturers and foodservice customers. The foodservice customers are supplied both directly and indirectly through distributors. Among food manufacturers and foodservice customers
 many of our relationships have been active for decades. We focus our resources on our strategic partners that we believe offer the greatest prospects for growth. Our range of products remains one of the broadest in the industry and includes seasoning blends
 spices and herbs
 condiments
 coating systems and compound flavors. In addition to a broad range of flavor solutions
strive to achieve customer intimacy. Our customers benefit from our expertise in many areas
 including sensory testing
 culinary research
Our industrial business has a number of competitors. Some tend to specialize in a particular range of products and have a limited geographic reach. Other competitors include larger publicly held flavor companies that are more global in nature
The most significant raw materials used in our business are pepper
 dairy products
 rice
 capsicums (red peppers and paprika)
 onion
 garlic and wheat flour. Pepper and other spices and herbs are generally sourced from countries other than the United States. Other raw materials
 like dairy products and onion
 are primarily sourced from within the U.S. and locally
 for many of our international locations. Because the raw materials are agricultural products
 they are subject to fluctuations in market price and availability caused by weather
 growing and harvesting conditions
 market conditions
We respond to this volatility in a number of ways
 including strategic raw material purchases
 purchases of raw material for future delivery
Our products are sold directly to customers and also through brokers
 wholesalers and distributors. In the consumer segment
 products are then sold to consumers through a variety of retail outlets
 including grocery
 mass merchandise
 warehouse clubs
 discount and drug stores under a variety of brands. In the industrial segment
We have a large number of customers for our products. Sales to one of our consumer business customers
 Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc.
 accounted for 11% of consolidated sales in 2014
 12% of consolidated sales in 2013 and 11% of consolidated sales in 2012. Sales to one of our industrial business customers
 PepsiCo
 Inc.
 accounted for 11% of consolidated sales in 2014
 2013 and 2012. In 2014
The dollar amount of backlog orders for our business is not material to an understanding of our business
Trademarks
We own a number of trademark registrations. Although in the aggregate these trademarks are material to our business
 the loss of any one of those trademarks
 with the exception of our &#8220;McCormick
&#8221; &#8220;Lawry&#8217;s
&#8221; &#8220;Zatarain&#8217;s
&#8221; &#8220;Club House
&#8221; &#8220;Ducros
&#8221; &#8220;Schwartz
&#8221; &#8220;Vahin&#233;
&#8221; &#8220;Kamis
&#8221; DaQiao and &#8220;Kohinoor&#8221; trademarks
 would not have a material adverse effect on our business. The &#8220;Mc &#8211; McCormick&#8221; trademark is extensively used by us in connection with the sale of our food products in the U.S. and certain non-U.S. markets. The terms of the trademark registrations are as prescribed by law
We also own various patents
Due to seasonal factors inherent in our business
 our sales
 income and cash from operations generally are lower in the first two quarters of the fiscal year
 increase in the third quarter and are significantly higher in the fourth quarter due to the holiday season. This seasonality reflects customer and consumer buying patterns
In order to meet increased demand for our consumer products during our fourth quarter
 we usually build our inventories during the third quarter of the fiscal year. We generally finance working capital items (inventory and receivables) through short-term borrowings
 which include the use of lines of credit and the issuance of commercial paper. For a description of our liquidity and capital resources
Each segment operates in markets around the world that are highly competitive. In this competitive environment
 our growth strategies include customer intimacy and product innovation based on consumer insights. Additionally
Many of our products are prepared from confidential formulas developed by our research laboratories and product development teams
 and
 in some cases
 customer proprietary formulas. Expenditures for research and development were $62.0 million in 2014
 $61.3 million in 2013
We are subject to numerous laws and regulations around the world that apply to our global businesses. In the United States
 the safety
 production
 transportation
 distribution
 advertising
 labeling and sale of many of our products and their ingredients are subject to the Federal Food
 Drug
 and Cosmetic Act
 the Food Safety Modernization Act
 the Federal Trade Commission Act
 state consumer protection laws
 competition laws
 anti-corruption laws
 customs and trade laws
 federal
 state and local workplace health and safety laws
 various federal
 state and local environmental protection laws
 and various other federal
 state and local statutes and regulations. Outside the United States
 our business is subject to numerous similar statutes
The cost of compliance with federal
 state and local provisions related to protection of the environment has had no material effect on our business. There were no material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities in fiscal year 2014
We had approximately 10
000 full-time employees worldwide as of November 30
 2014. Our operations have not been affected significantly by work stoppages and
 in the opinion of management
 employee relations are good. We have no collective bargaining contracts in the United States. At our foreign subsidiaries
 approximately 1
For information on the net sales and long-lived assets of McCormick by geographic area
We are subject in varying degrees to certain risks typically associated with a global business
 such as local economic and market conditions
 exchange rate fluctuations
 restrictions on investments
 royalties and dividends. Approximately 45% of sales in fiscal year 2014 were from non-U.S. operations. For information on how we manage some of these risks
Certain statements contained in this report
 including statements concerning expected performance such as those relating to net sales
 earnings
 cost savings
 acquisitions and brand marketing support
 are &#8220;forward-looking statements&#8221; within the meaning of Section&#160;21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These statements may be identified by the use of words such as &#8220;may
&#8221; &#8220;will
&#8221; &#8220;expect
&#8221; should, anticipate, intend, &#8220;believe&#8221; and &#8220;plan.&#8221; These statements may relate to: the expected results of operations of businesses acquired by us
 the expected impact of raw material costs and our pricing actions on our results of operations and gross margins
 the expected productivity and working capital improvements
 expected trends in net sales and earnings performance and other financial measures
 the expectations of pension and postretirement plan contributions
 the holding period and market risks associated with financial instruments
 the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations
 the adequacy of internally generated funds and existing sources of liquidity
 such as the availability of bank financing
These and other forward-looking statements are based on management&#8217;s current views and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could significantly affect expected results. Results may be materially affected by factors such as: damage to our reputation or brand name; loss of brand relevance; increased use of private label or other competitive products; product quality
 labeling
 or safety concerns; negative publicity about our products; business interruptions due to natural disasters or unexpected events; actions by
 and the financial condition of
 competitors and customers; our ability to achieve expected and/or needed cost savings or margin improvements; negative employee relations; the successful acquisition and integration of new businesses; issues affecting our supply chain and raw materials
 including fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw and packaging materials; government regulation
 and changes in legal and regulatory requirements and enforcement practices; global economic and financial conditions generally
 including the availability of financing
 and interest and inflation rates; the investment return on retirement plan assets
 and the costs associated with pension obligations; foreign currency fluctuations; the stability of credit and capital markets; risks associated with our information technology systems
 the threat of data breaches and cyber attacks; volatility in our effective tax rate; climate change; infringement of our intellectual property rights
 and those of customers; litigation
 legal and administrative proceedings; and other risks described herein under Part I
Actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new information
 future events or otherwise
Our principal corporate internet website address is: www.mccormickcorporation.com. We make available free of charge through our website our annual report on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K
 and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section&#160;13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;) as soon as reasonably practicable after such documents are electronically filed with
 or furnished to
 the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#8220;SEC&#8221;). The SEC maintains an Internet website at www.sec.gov that contains reports
 proxy and information statements
 and other information regarding McCormick. Our website also includes our Corporate Governance Guidelines
 Business Ethics Policy and charters of the Audit Committee
 Compensation Committee
The following are certain risk factors that could affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. These risk factors should be considered in connection with evaluating the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K because these factors could cause the actual results and conditions to differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. Before you buy our Common Stock or Common Stock Non-Voting
 you should know that making such an investment involves risks
 including the risks described below. Additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known to the company or are currently deemed to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business
 financial condition
 or results of operations in the future. If any of the risks actually occur
 our business
 financial condition or results of operations could be negatively affected. In that case
 the trading price of our securities could decline
Damage to our reputation or brand name
 loss of brand relevance
 increase in use of private label or other competitive brands by customers or consumers
 or product quality or safety concerns could negatively impact our business
We have many iconic brands with long-standing consumer recognition.  Our success depends on our ability to maintain our brand image for our existing products
 extend our brands to new platforms
We continually make efforts to maintain and improve relationships with our customers and consumers and to increase awareness and relevance of our brands through effective marketing and other measures. From time to time
 our customers evaluate their mix of product offerings
was switched to private label or competitive products
Our reputation for manufacturing high-quality products is widely recognized. In order to safeguard that reputation
 we have adopted rigorous quality assurance and quality control procedures which are designed to ensure the safety of our products.  A serious breach of our quality assurance or quality control procedures
 deterioration of our quality image
 impairment of our customer or consumer relationships or failure to adequately protect the relevance of our brands may lead to litigation
 customers purchasing from our competitors or consumers purchasing other brands or private label items that may or may not be manufactured by us
 any of which could have a material negative impact on our business
The food industry generally is subject to risks posed by food spoilage and contamination
 product tampering
 product recall
 import alerts and consumer product liability claims. For instance
 we may be required to recall certain of our products should they be mislabeled
 contaminated or damaged
 and certain of our raw materials could be blocked from entering the country if they were subject to import alerts.&#160;We also may become involved in lawsuits and legal proceedings if it is alleged that the consumption of any of our products could cause injury or illness
 are mislabeled or fail to meet applicable legal requirements (even if the allegation is untrue). A product recall
 import alert or an adverse result in any such litigation
 or negative perceptions regarding food products and ingredients
 could result in our having to pay fines or damages
 incur additional costs or cause customers and consumers in our principal markets to lose confidence in the safety and quality of certain products or ingredients
 any of which could  have a negative effect on our business or financial results and
 depending upon the significance of the affected product
 that negative effect could be material to our business or financial results. Negative publicity about these concerns
 whether or not valid
 may discourage customers and consumers from buying our products or cause disruptions in production or distribution of our products and adversely affect our business
The rising popularity of social networking and other consumer-oriented technologies has increased the speed and accessibility of information dissemination (whether or not accurate)
 and
 as a result
 negative
 inaccurate
Customer consolidation
 and competitive
 economic and other pressures facing our customers
A number of our customers
 such as supermarkets
 warehouse clubs and food distributors
 have consolidated in recent years and consolidation could continue. Such consolidation could present a challenge to margin growth and profitability in that it has produced large
 sophisticated customers with increased buying power who are more capable of operating with reduced inventories; resisting price increases; demanding lower pricing
 increased promotional programs and specifically tailored products; and shifting shelf space currently used for our products to private label products. The economic and competitive landscape for our customers is constantly changing
 and their response to those changes could impact our business. Our industrial business may be impacted if the reputation or perception of the customers of our industrial business declines. These factors and others could have an adverse impact on our business
We have a number of major customers
 including two large customers that
 in the aggregate
Our purchases of raw materials are subject to fluctuations in market price and availability caused by weather
 growing and harvesting conditions
 market conditions
 governmental actions and other factors beyond our control. The most significant raw materials used by us in our business are pepper
 dairy products
 rice
 capsicums (red pepper and paprika)
 onion
 garlic and wheat flour. While future price movements of raw material costs are uncertain
 we seek to mitigate the market price risk in a number of ways
 including strategic raw material purchases
 purchases of raw material for future delivery
risk. To the extent that we have used derivatives for this purpose
 it has not been material to our business. Any actions we take in response to market price fluctuations may not effectively limit or eliminate our exposure to changes in raw material prices. Therefore
 we cannot provide assurance that future raw material price fluctuations will not have a negative impact on our business
In addition
 we may have very little opportunity to mitigate the risk of availability of certain raw materials due to the effect of weather on crop yield
 government actions
 political unrest in producing countries
 action or inaction by suppliers in response to laws and regulations
 changes in agricultural programs and other factors beyond our control. Therefore
 we cannot provide assurance that future raw material availability will not have a negative impact on our business
Political
 socio-economic and cultural conditions
 as well as disruptions caused by terrorist activities or otherwise
 could also create additional risks for regulatory compliance. Although we have adopted rigorous quality assurance and quality control procedures which are designed to ensure the safety of our imported products
 we cannot provide assurance that such events will not have a negative impact on our business
The food industry is intensely competitive. Competition in our product categories is based on price
 product innovation
 product quality
 brand recognition and loyalty
 effectiveness of marketing and promotional activity
 and the ability to identify and satisfy consumer preferences. From time to time
 we may need to reduce the prices for some of our products to respond to competitive and customer pressures
Food products are extensively regulated in most of the countries in which we sell our products. We are subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to the growing
 sourcing
 manufacture
 storage
 labeling
 marketing
 advertising and distribution of food products
 as well as laws and regulations relating to financial reporting requirements
 the environment
 competition
 anti-corruption
 privacy
 relations with distributors and retailers
 foreign supplier verification
 the import and export of products and product ingredients
 employment
 health and safety
 and trade practices. Enforcement of existing laws and regulations
 changes in legal requirements
 and/or evolving interpretations of existing regulatory requirements may result in increased compliance costs and create other obligations
 financial or otherwise
 that could adversely affect our business
 financial condition or operating results.  Increased regulatory scrutiny of
 and increased litigation involving
 product claims and concerns regarding the attributes of food products and ingredients may increase compliance costs and create other obligations that could adversely affect our business
 financial condition or operating results. Governments may also impose requirements and restrictions that impact our business
 such as labeling disclosures pertaining to ingredients. For example
 Proposition 65, the Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986,  in California exposes all food companies to the possibility of having to provide warnings on their products in that state. If we were required to add warning labels to any of our products or place warnings in locations where our products are sold in order to comply with Proposition 65
 the sales of those products and other products of our company could suffer
 not only in those locations but elsewhere. These factors and others could have an adverse impact on our business
Our operations may be impaired as a result of disasters
We could have an interruption in our business
 loss of inventory or data
 or be rendered unable to accept and fulfill customer orders as a result of a natural disaster
 catastrophic event
 epidemic or computer system failure. Natural disasters could include an earthquake
 fire
 flood
 tornado or severe storm. A catastrophic event could include a terrorist attack. An epidemic could affect our operations
 major facilities or employees&#8217; and consumers&#8217; health. In addition
 some of our inventory and production facilities are located in areas that are susceptible to harsh weather; a major storm
We cannot provide assurance that our disaster recovery plan will address all of the issues we may encounter in the event of a disaster or other unanticipated issue
 and our business interruption insurance may not adequately compensate us for losses that may occur from any of the foregoing. In the event that a natural disaster
 terrorist attack or other catastrophic event were to destroy any part of our facilities or interrupt our operations for any extended period of time
 or if harsh weather or health conditions prevent us from delivering products in a timely manner
 our business
We may not be able to successfully consummate and manage ongoing acquisition
From time to time
 we may acquire other businesses and
 based on an evaluation of our business portfolio
 divest existing businesses. These acquisitions
 joint ventures and divestitures may present financial
 managerial and operational challenges
 including diversion of management attention from existing businesses
 difficulty with integrating or separating personnel and financial and other systems
 increased expenses and raw material costs
 assumption of unknown liabilities and indemnities
 and potential disputes with the buyers or sellers. In addition
 we may be required to incur asset impairment charges (including charges related to goodwill and other intangible assets) in connection with acquired businesses which may reduce our profitability. If we are unable to consummate such transactions
 or successfully integrate and grow acquisitions and achieve contemplated revenue synergies and cost savings
 our financial results could be adversely affected. Additionally
 joint ventures inherently involve a lesser degree of control over business operations
 thereby potentially increasing the financial
 legal
We operate our business and market our products internationally. In fiscal year 2014
 approximately 45% of our sales were generated in foreign countries. Our foreign operations are subject to additional risks
 including fluctuations in currency values
 foreign currency exchange controls
 discriminatory fiscal policies
 compliance with U.S. and foreign laws
 enforcement of remedies in foreign jurisdictions and other economic or political uncertainties. Beginning in 2011
 several countries within the European Union experienced sovereign debt and credit issues. This has caused more volatility in the economic environment throughout the European Union. Additionally
 international sales are subject to risks related to imposition of tariffs
 quotas
 trade barriers and other similar restrictions. All of these risks could result in increased costs or decreased revenues
We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency in the following main areas: cash flows related to raw material purchases; the translation of foreign currency earnings to U.S. dollars; the value of foreign currency investments in subsidiaries and unconsolidated affiliates and cash flows related to repatriation of these investments. Primary exposures include the U.S. dollar versus the Euro
 British pound sterling
 Canadian dollar
 Polish zloty
 Australian dollar
 Mexican peso
 Chinese renminbi
 Indian rupee
 Thai baht and Swiss franc
 as well as the British pound sterling versus the Euro. We routinely enter into foreign currency exchange contracts to facilitate managing certain of these foreign currency risks. However
 these contracts may not effectively limit or eliminate our exposure to a decline in operating results due to foreign currency exchange changes. Therefore
 we cannot provide assurance that future exchange rate fluctuations will not have a negative impact on our business
We had total outstanding short-term borrowings of $270 million at an average interest rate of approximately 1.3% on November&#160;30
 2014. Our policy is to manage our interest rate risk by entering into both fixed and variable rate debt arrangements. We also use interest rate swaps to minimize worldwide financing cost and to achieve a desired mix of fixed and variable rate debt. We utilize derivative financial instruments to enhance our ability to manage risk
 including interest rate exposures that exist as part of our ongoing business operations. We do not enter into contracts for trading purposes
 nor are we a party to any leveraged derivative instruments. Our use of derivative financial instruments is monitored through regular communication with senior management and the utilization of written guidelines. However
 our use of these instruments may not effectively limit or eliminate our exposure to changes in interest rates. Therefore
 we cannot provide assurance that future interest rate changes will not have a material negative impact on our business
We rely on our revolving credit facilities
 or borrowings backed by these facilities
 to fund a portion of our seasonal working capital needs and other general corporate purposes. If any of the banks in the syndicates backing these facilities were unable to perform on its commitments
 our liquidity could be impacted
 which could adversely affect funding of seasonal working capital requirements. We engage in regular communication with all of the banks participating in our revolving credit facilities. During these communications none of the banks have indicated that they may be unable to perform on their commitments. In addition
 we periodically review our banking and financing relationships
 considering the stability of the institutions
 pricing we receive on services and other aspects of the relationships. Based on these communications and our monitoring activities
In addition
 global capital markets have experienced volatility in the past that has tightened access to capital markets and other sources of funding
 and such volatility and tightened access could reoccur in the future. In the event we need to access the capital markets or other sources of financing
 there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms or within an acceptable time. Our inability to obtain financing on acceptable terms or within an acceptable time period could have an adverse impact on our operations
We hold investments in equity and debt securities in our qualified defined benefit pension plans and in a rabbi trust for our U.S. non-qualified pension plan. Deterioration in the value of plan assets resulting from a general financial downturn or otherwise
 or an increase in the actuarial valuation of the plans' liability due to a low interest rate environment
 could cause (or increase) an underfunded status of our defined benefit pension plans
 thereby increasing our obligation to make contributions to the plans. An obligation to make contributions to pension plans could reduce the cash available for working capital and other corporate uses
 and may have an adverse impact on our operations
Consolidations in some of the industries in which our customers operate have created larger customers
 some of which are highly leveraged. In addition
 competition has increased with the growth in alternative channels through our customer base. These factors have caused some customers to be less profitable and increased our exposure to credit risk. Current credit markets are volatile
Our information technology systems are critically important to operating our business efficiently. We rely on our information technology systems to manage our business data
 communications
 supply chain
 order entry and fulfillment
 and other business processes. The failure of our information technology systems to perform as we anticipate could disrupt our business and could result in transaction errors
 processing inefficiencies and the loss of sales and customers
Furthermore
 our information technology systems may be vulnerable to security breaches beyond our control. We invest in security technology to protect our data and business processes against risk of data security breaches and cyber attacks. While we believe these measures provide some protection against security breaches and mitigate cybersecurity risks
As a global business
 our tax rate from period to period can be affected by many factors
legislation
 our global mix of earnings
 the tax characteristics of our income
impairments
 acquisitions and dispositions
 adjustments to our reserves related to uncertain tax positions
In addition
 significant judgment is required in determining our effective tax rate and in evaluating our tax positions. We establish accruals for certain tax contingencies when
 despite the belief that our tax return positions are appropriately supported
 the positions are uncertain. The tax contingency accruals are adjusted in light of changing facts and circumstances
 such as the progress of tax audits
 case law and emerging legislation. Our effective tax rate includes the impact of tax contingency accruals and changes to the accruals
 including related interest and penalties
 as considered appropriate by management. When particular matters arise
Climate change may negatively affect our business
Unseasonable or unusual weather or long-term climate changes may negatively impact the price or availability of spices
 herbs and other raw materials. There is concern that greenhouse gases in the atmosphere may have an adverse impact on global temperatures
 weather patterns and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. In the event that such climate change has a negative effect on agricultural productivity or practices
Our intellectual property rights
 and those of our customers
 could be infringed
 challenged or impaired
We possess intellectual property rights that are important to our business
 and we are provided access by certain customers to particular intellectual property rights belonging to such customers.  These intellectual property rights include ingredient formulas
 trademarks
 copyrights
 patents
 business processes and other trade secrets which are important to our business and relate to some of our products
 our packaging
 the processes for their production
 and the design and operation of equipment used in our businesses. We protect our intellectual property rights
 and those of certain customers
 globally through a variety of means
 including trademarks
 copyrights
 patents and trade secrets
 third-party assignments and nondisclosure agreements
 and monitoring of third-party misuses of intellectual property. If we fail to obtain or adequately protect our intellectual property (and the intellectual property of customers to which we have been given access)
 the value of our products and brands could be reduced and there could be an adverse impact on our business
Litigation
 legal or administrative proceedings could have an adverse impact on our business
 financial condition and results of operations
We are party to a variety of legal claims and proceedings in the ordinary course of business. Since litigation is inherently uncertain
 there is no guarantee that we will be successful in defending ourselves against such claims or proceedings
 or that management&#8217;s assessment of the materiality or immateriality of these matters
 including any reserves taken in connection with such matters
 will be consistent with the ultimate outcome of such claims or proceedings. In the event that management&#8217;s assessment of the materiality or immateriality of current claims and proceedings proves inaccurate
 or litigation that is material arises in the future
 there may be a material adverse effect on our financial condition. Any adverse publicity resulting from allegations made in litigation claims or legal or administrative proceedings (even if untrue) may also adversely affect our reputation. These factors and others could have an adverse impact on our business
Streamlining actions to reduce fixed costs
 simplify or improve processes
During 2014 and 2013
 we evaluated changes to our organization structure to enable us to reduce fixed costs
 simplify or improve processes
 and improve our competitiveness
 and we expect to continue such actions in the future. As a result of such fixed cost reductions and process simplifications or improvements
 we may
 from time to time
 transfer production from one manufacturing facility to another or eliminate certain manufacturing
If we are unable to fully realize the benefits from our Comprehensive Continuous Improvement (CCI) program
Our future success depends in part on our ability to be an efficient producer in a highly competitive industry. Any failure by us to achieve our planned cost savings and efficiencies under our CCI program
 or other similar programs
 could have an adverse effect on our business
Our principal executive offices and primary research facilities are owned and are located in suburban Baltimore
The following is a list of our principal manufacturing properties
 all of which are owned except for the facilities in Commerce
 California and Melbourne
 Australia
 and a portion of the facility in Littleborough
 England
Hunt Valley
Gretna
South Bend
Atlanta
Commerce
Irving
London
Haddenham
Littleborough
In addition to distribution facilities and warehouse space available at our manufacturing facilities
 we lease regional distribution facilities in Belcamp
 Maryland; Salinas
 California; Irving
 Texas; Mississauga and London
 Ontario
 Canada; and Genvilliers
 France; and own distribution facilities in Monteux
 France. We also own
 lease or contract other properties used for manufacturing consumer and industrial products and for sales
 warehousing
We believe our plants are well maintained and suitable for their intended use. We further believe that these plants generally have adequate capacity or the ability to expand
 and can accommodate seasonal demands
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#8217;S COMMON EQUITY
We have disclosed in note 18 of the financial statements the information relating to the market price and dividends paid on our classes of common stock. The market price of our common stock at the close of business on December&#160;31
Our Common Stock and Common Stock Non-Voting are listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange (&#8220;NYSE&#8221;). The approximate number of holders of our common stock based on record ownership as of December&#160;31
Common Stock
2
Common Stock Non-Voting
9
September&#160;1
September&#160;30
CSNV-315
&#160;&#160;&#160;315
October&#160;1
October&#160;31
CS-17
CSNV-345
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;17
677
November&#160;1
November&#160;30
CS-18
CSNV-257
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;18
&#160;&#160;&#160;257
CS-35
CSNV-917
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;35
&#160;&#160;&#160;917
As of November&#160;30
 2014
In certain circumstances
 we issue shares of CS in exchange for shares of CSNV
 or issue shares of CSNV in exchange for shares of CS
 in either case pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended. Typically
 these exchanges are made in connection with the administration of our employee benefit plans
 executive compensation programs and dividend reinvestment/direct purchase plans. The number of shares issued in an exchange is generally equal to the number of shares received in the exchange
 although the number may differ slightly to the extent necessary to comply with the requirements of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. During fiscal 2014
 we issued 801
705 shares of CSNV in exchange for shares of CS and issued 21
4
4
4
3
3
Closing price
4
4
4
4
3
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
The historical financial summary includes the impact of certain items that affect the comparability of financial results year to year. In 2014 and 2013
 we recorded special charges related to the completion of a reorganization in EMEA and streamlining actions in the U.S. and Australian businesses. Also in 2013
 we recognized a loss on a voluntary pension settlement in the U.S. In 2010
The following Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&amp;A) is intended to help the reader understand McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated
 our operations and our present business environment. MD&amp;A is provided as a supplement to
 and should be read in conjunction with
 our Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying notes thereto contained in Item&#160;8 of this report. We use certain non-GAAP information that we believe is important for purposes of comparison to prior periods and development of future projections and earnings growth prospects. This information is also used by management to measure the profitability of our ongoing operations and analyze our business performance and trends. The dollar and share information in the charts and tables in the MD&amp;A are in millions
McCormick is a global leader in flavor. The company manufactures
 markets and distributes spices
 seasoning mixes
 condiments and other flavorful products to the entire food industry&#8211;retail outlets
 food manufacturers and foodservice businesses. We manage our business in two operating segments
 consumer and industrial
Our long-term annual growth objectives are to increase sales 4% to 6%
 increase operating income 7% to 9% and increase earnings per share 9% to 11%. Over time
 we expect to grow sales with similar contributions from: 1) our base business&#8211;driven by brand marketing support
 customer intimacy and category growth; 2) product innovation; and 3) acquisitions. We are fueling our investment in growth with cost savings from our Comprehensive Continuous Improvement (CCI) program
 an ongoing initiative to improve productivity and reduce costs throughout the organization. In addition to funding brand marketing support
 product innovation and other growth initiatives
Our business generates strong cash flow
 and we have a balanced use of cash. We are using our cash to fund shareholder dividends
 with annual increases in each of the past 29 years
 and to fund capital expenditures
 acquisitions and share repurchases. Each year
In 2014
 we grew net sales 3% with increases in both our consumer and industrial business.  This rate of growth was below our long-term goal as a result of challenging conditions in certain parts of our business.  In the U.S.
 our consumer business was impacted by smaller competitors that have gained retail distribution.  We are addressing this competition through accelerated innovation
 increased brand marketing and the sharing of our analytics with retail customers to help optimize their sales and profitability while simultaneously increasing our sales to those customers. In China
 our industrial business was impacted by weak demand from quick service restaurants that related to a product quality issue from a protein supplier.  We expect this situation to improve in 2015 as these quick service restaurants have addressed this issue and continue to invest in new restaurant locations in China.  Operating income was $603.0 million in 2014.  Excluding special charges and in 2013
 a loss on a voluntary pension settlement
 adjusted operating income rose to $608.2 million from $590.8 million in 2013. This was an increase of 3% and below our long-term objective due in part to a significant increase in brand marketing support and a less favorable mix of business. Diluted earnings per share was $3.34 in 2014. Excluding the effect of the aforementioned special charges and the 2013 loss on voluntary pension settlement
 adjusted diluted earnings per share was $3.37 in 2014
 an increase of approximately 8% over adjusted diluted earnings per share of $3.13 in 2013.  This increase was mainly driven by higher adjusted operating income
McCormick continues to generate strong cash flow. Net cash provided by operating activities reached $503.6 million in 2014
 an increase from $465.2 million in 2013. We continued to have a balanced use of cash for capital expenditures
 acquisitions and the return of cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. In 2014
4
4
Sales for the fiscal year 2014 rose 2.9% from 2013
 with growth in both the consumer and industrial segments. Pricing actions
 taken in response to increased raw material and packaging costs
 added 1.9% to sales. The incremental impact of the Wuhan Asia Pacific Condiments (WAPC) acquisition
 completed in mid-2013
 accounted for a 1.8% increase to sales
 while volume and product mix in the base business reduced sales 0.2%. The impact of foreign exchange rates was unfavorable in 2014
In 2015
 we expect to grow sales in local currency by 4% to 6% from 2014
1
1
In 2014
 gross profit increased 3.9% while gross profit margin rose 40 basis points over the 2013 level to 40.8%. We offset a low single-digit increase in raw material and packaging costs with our pricing actions and CCI cost savings. Our CCI program generated cost savings of $65 million in 2014
 of which $54 million lowered cost of goods sold. In 2015
 we expect a favorable impact from pricing actions and cost savings
Selling
1
1
Selling
 general and administrative expenses were $1
122.0 million in 2014 compared to $1
075.0 million in 2013
 an increase of $47.0 million or 40 basis points as a percentage of net sales. That 40 basis point increase was driven by an $18.8 million increase in our brand marketing support from the 2013 level to $226.6 million in 2014
 with 40% of that increase related to digital marketing
 which is one of our highest return investments in brand marketing support. In addition
compared to 2013
We are evaluating changes to our organization structure to enable us to reduce fixed costs
 simplify  or improve processes
 and improve our competitiveness. Special charges of $5.2 million were recorded in 2014 to enable us to implement these changes. Of the $5.2 million of special charges recorded in 2014
 which were principally related to employee severance
 $2.1 million related to actions undertaken with respect to the EMEA reorganization announced in late 2013
 $1.3 million related to the realignment of certain manufacturing activities in the U.S. industrial business
 $1.1 million related to the elimination of certain administrative positions in the U.S. consumer and industrial businesses
In late 2013
 we announced several reorganization activities in the EMEA region to further improve EMEA&#8217;s profitability and process standardization while supporting its competitiveness and long-term growth. At that time
 we indicated our expectation that we would recognize approximately $27 million of cash and non-cash charges related to this plan
 of which $25.0 million in special charges was recognized in 2013
employee severance
 $6.4 million for asset write-downs and $2.7 million for other exit costs. Total cash expenditures to implement this EMEA reorganization plan were $10.7 million in 2014. We expect to complete the implementation of this plan in 2015
In addition to the special charges outlined above
 we recorded a loss on voluntary pension settlement of $15.3 million in 2013 for the settlement of a portion of our U.S. defined benefit obligation
Other income
Interest expense for 2014 was lower than the prior year
 primarily due to the refinancing of long-term debt in the second half of 2013. In August 2013
 we issued $250 million of 3.50% notes (at an effective interest rate of 3.30%)
 the net cash proceeds of which
 plus cash on hand
The effective tax rate declined 50 basis points to 26.3% in 2014 from 26.8% in 2013
 primarily as a result of the following factors:  Discrete tax benefits were $10.8 million in 2014 compared to $3.9 million in 2013. That increase in 2014 is primarily due to the reversal of previously established reserves for unrecognized tax benefits
 net of additional taxes provided
 upon the following tax settlements reached during 2014: (1) a settlement with respect to the French taxing authority&#8217;s audits of the 2007-2013 tax years; and (2) a settlement with respect to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) examination of our U.S. federal income tax return for the 2007 and 2008 tax years.  Discrete tax benefits in 2013 of $3.9 million resulted from the 2013 recognition of a 2012 U.S. research tax credit and reversal of valuation allowances for two subsidiaries originally established against net operating losses. During 2013
In November 2012
 we deposited $18.8 million with the IRS to stop any potential interest on proposed adjustments associated with the IRS examination of our U.S. federal income tax returns for the 2007 and 2008 tax years. In November 2014
Income from unconsolidated operations rose $6.2 million in 2014 compared to 2013
 which was a 26.7% increase.  This increase is attributable to our largest joint venture
 McCormick de Mexico
In 2014
We reported diluted earnings per share of $3.34 in 2014
We measure segment performance based on operating income excluding special charges and
 in 2013
2
2
Operating income
Operating income margin
We grew sales in the consumer business 3.4% in 2014 from 2013.  This growth rate included a 2.9% increase due to the mid-2013 acquisition of WAPC and a 2.0% increase due to higher price
In the Americas
 consumer business sales declined 0.7%.  Although higher pricing added 1.6%
 a decline in volume and product mix reduced sales 1.6% and unfavorable foreign exchange rates reduced sales 0.7%.  In the latter part of 2013
 our sales growth was hampered as smaller competitors gained category share. This competitive activity persisted in 2014.  Throughout 2014
 we had actions underway to regain momentum with this part of our business that included additional brand marketing support
 accelerated innovation and working with our retail customers to optimize their spices and seasonings and their recipe mix categories while simultaneously increasing sales of our products to these customers.  We are making progress and have gained category share in 2014 in recipe mixes
 driven in part by new grilling products
 gluten-free products and liquid skillet sauces. In 2014
 our category share of spices and seasonings had a further decline
In EMEA
 consumer business sales increased 3.3%
 with 2.0% added by pricing and 1.5% added by favorable foreign currency exchange rates.  Volume and product mix declined slightly
 reducing sales by 0.2%.  While we had success with new product introductions
 increased brand marketing and distribution gains
 economic conditions across the region remained challenging. Our innovation activity in 2014 included the roll-out of Flavour Shots in the U.K.
 dessert items in France and additional recipe mixes in Poland. In this region
 higher brand marketing support was devoted to building awareness and trial of new products
In the Asia/Pacific region
 sales rose 31.2%. Our mid-2013 acquisition of WAPC added 28.2% to net sales
 pricing actions added 4.0%
 and base business volume and product mix added 2.2%
 while unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates lowered sales 3.2%. We achieved a double-digit increase in our base business volume and product mix in China. However
 crop shortages of basmati rice led to another year of steep increases in cost and pricing of basmati rice in India during 2014
Consumer business operating income
 excluding special charges and
 for 2013
 loss on voluntary pension settlement
 rose 0.4% to $474.3 million from $472.3 million in 2013. Higher sales and CCI cost savings contributed to this profit growth
 but were largely offset by higher material costs and a $16.8 million increase in brand marketing support. Operating income margin
 excluding the impact of special charges and the 2013 loss on voluntary pension settlement
 was 18.1% in 2014 compared to 18.6% in 2013. This reduction was due
 in part
 to the higher brand marketing support and the mix of business across regions
 as sales in international markets grew at a faster rate than in the U.S.
1
1
Operating income
Operating income margin
In the Americas
 industrial business sales rose 0.4%.  Pricing added 1.0% and volume and product mix added 0.3% to sales
 offset in part by unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates that lowered sales 0.9%.  Innovation and category growth drove increased sales of seasonings for snack products and we also grew sales of branded foodservice items in 2014. However
In EMEA
 we grew industrial business sales 9.3%
 with a 5.0% increase from pricing actions
 a 3.2% increase in volume and product mix
 and a 1.1% increase from favorable foreign exchange rates. Demand from quick service restaurants remained robust
 and we met this demand with products that we supply from our facilities in the U.K.
In the Asia/Pacific region
 industrial business sales declined by 0.5%. While pricing actions added 1.0% and higher volume and product mix added 0.9%
 unfavorable foreign exchange rates reduced sales 2.4%. Sales to quick service restaurants in China were adversely impacted by consumer concerns regarding quality issues from a supplier of protein in 2014 and regarding avian flu in 2013.  In 2015
Industrial business operating income
 excluding special charges and
 for 2013
 loss on voluntary pension settlement
 was $133.9 million compared to $118.5 million in 2013. Higher sales
 the benefit of CCI cost savings and a more favorable mix of business
 more than offset increased material costs and a $2.0 million increase in marketing support for branded foodservice items. Industrial business operating income margin
 excluding the impact of special charges and the 2013 loss on voluntary pension settlement
4
4
Sales for the fiscal year 2013 rose 2.7% from 2012
 with growth in the consumer segment partially offset by a decline in the industrial segment. Pricing actions
 taken in response to increased raw material and packaging costs
 added 1.5% to sales. The incremental impact of the WAPC acquisition
 completed in mid-2013
 accounted for a 1.5% increase to sales
 and increased volume and product mix in the base business added 0.1% to sales. The impact of foreign exchange rates was unfavorable in 2013
1
1
In 2013
 gross profit increased 3.0% while gross profit margin rose 10 basis points. We were able to offset the dollar impact of 3% inflation in raw material and packaging costs with our pricing actions and CCI cost savings. In 2013
 CCI cost savings totaled $63 million
Selling
1
1
Selling
 general and administrative expenses were $1
075.0 million in 2013 compared to $1
039.5 million in 2012
 an increase of $35.5 million or 20 basis points as a percentage of net sales. Retirement benefit expense increased $20.0 million in 2013 largely as a result of a lower interest rate environment at the November 30
 2012 pension measurement date which negatively impacted 2013 expense. Of the increase in retirement benefit expense
 approximately 60% impacted selling
 general and administrative expenses. In addition
 we increased our brand marketing support by $9.6 million to $207.8 million in 2013
 with about half of the increase in digital marketing
In 2013
 we announced several reorganization activities in the EMEA region and our expectation that we would record approximately $27 million of cash and non-cash charges related to this plan. For 2013
 we recorded $25.0 million of special charges
 with $15.9 million related to employee severance
In addition to the $25.0 million in special charges outlined above
 we recorded a loss on voluntary pension settlement of $15.3 million in 2013 for the settlement of a portion of our U.S. defined benefit obligation
Other income
Interest expense for 2013 was lower than the prior year. Most of this decrease is due to the impact of lower average debt balances for 2013 compared to 2012
Tax expense for 2012 benefited from U.S. foreign tax credits that reduced tax expense by $9.7 million due to the repatriation of $70 million of cash from foreign subsidiaries. While no such benefit or repatriation occurred in 2013
 tax expense in 2013 as a percentage of pre-tax income approximated the 2012 level due primarily to certain favorable items in 2013
 which included the utilization of non-U.S. operating losses
 lower state and local income taxes
 and the inclusion of the U.S. research tax credit for 2013
In addition
Income from unconsolidated operations increased $1.7 million in 2013 compared to 2012. Most of this increase was attributable to our largest joint venture
 McCormick de Mexico
 through strong sales growth
In 2013
We reported diluted earnings per share of $2.91 in 2013
2
2
Operating income
Operating income margin
We grew sales in the consumer business 5.1% in 2013 from 2012
 which included a 2.5% increase due to the mid-2013 acquisition of WAPC
 a 1.7% increase due to higher price
 and a 1.0% increase from higher volumes and improved product mix. The effect of foreign exchange rates in 2013 from 2012 was slightly unfavorable
In the Americas
 consumer business sales rose 2.4%
 with volume and product mix adding 1.7%
 higher pricing adding 0.9% and unfavorable foreign exchange rates lowering sales by 0.2%. Higher volume and product mix was the result of new product introductions and increased brand marketing. In 2013
 our new product launches included grilling items
 premium recipe mixes
 authentic Hispanic rice mixes and new varieties of Lawry&#8217;s
 Zatarain's and Simply Asia brand products in the U.S. In Canada
 we had particular success with gluten-free gravy mixes
 introduced new grilling items and imported products from our business in China and affiliate in the Philippines.  Across the Americas region
 a portion of our incremental brand marketing support was in support of our new products and seasonal events. We also increased our digital marketing activity
 which offers a more personalized way to interact with consumers. While we made good progress with these growth initiatives which contributed to strong consumer demand for spices and seasonings throughout 2013
 our U.S. sales slowed in the second half of the year. During this period
 private label and smaller competitors gained category share. In 2014
 we had actions underway to regain momentum with this part of our business that include a significant increase in brand marketing support
In EMEA
 consumer business sales increased 3.3%
 with pricing and favorable foreign currency exchange rates each adding 1.3%
 and higher volume and product mix adding 0.7%. While we had success with new product introductions
 increased brand marketing and distribution gains
 economic conditions across the region remained challenging. Our innovation in 2013 included the development and introduction of recipe mixes in France and Poland
 the launch of grilling items in a number of markets
 and new varieties of Vahin&#233; brand dessert items. As in the Americas
In the Asia/Pacific region
 sales rose 32.6%. The impact of our 2013 acquisition of WAPC added 30.6% to net sales
 pricing added 10.0%
 base business volume and product mix declined 4.7% and unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates lowered sales by 3.3%. We achieved a double-digit increase in our base business volume and product mix in China. However
 crop shortages of basmati rice led to a steep increase in cost and pricing of basmati rice in India during 2013
Consumer business operating income
 excluding special charges and loss on voluntary pension settlement
 rose to $472.3 million from $456.1 million in 2012
 a 3.6% increase. The growth in operating income was the result of higher sales and CCI savings
 offset
 in part
 by higher retirement benefit expense
 a $6.9 million increase in brand marketing support
 $4.3 million of transaction costs related to the acquisition of WAPC and higher material costs. Operating income margin
 excluding the impact of special charges and loss on voluntary pension settlement
 was 18.6% in 2013 compared to 18.9% in 2012. This reduction was due
 in part
 to the mix of business across regions
 as sales in international markets grew at a faster rate than in the U.S.
1
1
Operating income
Operating income margin
Sales for the industrial business declined 0.8% in 2013. Pricing actions taken to offset the impact of higher material costs added 1.2%
 while volume and product mix lowered sales by 1.2% and unfavorable foreign exchange rates decreased sales 0.8%. The decline in volume and product mix was largely attributable to weak demand from quick service restaurants in the U.S. and China. In the U.S.
 sales to quick service restaurants were impacted by lower restaurant traffic and customer emphasis on menu items for which McCormick is not a leading supplier. In China
 consumer concerns
 including avian flu
 led to reduced demand for poultry throughout most of 2013. As a leading supplier of coatings and seasonings for chicken
In the Americas
 industrial business sales declined 1.7%. While pricing added 1.2% to sales and favorable foreign currency exchange rates added 0.1%
 lower volume and product mix reduced sales 3.0%. Innovation and category growth drove increased sales of seasonings for snack products and sales of branded foodservice items were steady in 2013. However
 as indicated
In EMEA
 industrial business sales rose 1.4%
 with a 3.9% increase in volume and product mix as well as a 2.0% increase from pricing actions. These increases were partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange rates that reduced sales by 4.5%. Demand from quick service restaurants remained robust
 and we met this demand with products that we supply from our facilities in the U.K.
Industrial business sales in the Asia/Pacific region rose slightly
 increasing by 0.2%. Higher volume and product mix added 0.6% and was largely offset by lower pricing of 0.1% and unfavorable foreign exchange rates of 0.3%. Product innovation in other parts of the region largely offset the weaker demand from quick service restaurants in China that was previously described. By the end of our fiscal year 2013
Industrial business operating income
 excluding special charges and loss on voluntary pension settlement
 was $118.5 million compared to $122.2 million in 2012. The benefit of CCI cost savings was more than offset by higher retirement benefit expense
 increased material costs and a $2.7 million increase in marketing support for branded foodservice items. Industrial business operating income margin
 excluding the impact of special charges and loss on voluntary pension settlement
The tables below include financial measures of adjusted operating income
 adjusted net income and adjusted diluted earnings per share
 each excluding the impact of special charges in 2014 and 2013
 and loss on voluntary pension settlement in 2013. There were no adjustments to 2012 financial results. These represent non-GAAP financial measures
Special charges of $5.2 million were recorded in 2014 to enable us to implement changes to our organization structure in order to reduce fixed costs
 simplify or improve processes
 and improve our competitiveness. Of the $5.2 million of special charges recorded in 2014
 $2.1 million related to actions undertaken with respect to the EMEA reorganization announced in 2013
 $1.3 million related to the realignment of manufacturing activities in the U.S. industrial business
 and $1.1 million and $0.7 million related to the elimination of administrative and/or manufacturing positions in the consumer and industrial businesses in the U.S. and Australia
In 2013
We are treating these special charges and loss on voluntary pension settlement as adjustments to our operating income
 net income and diluted earnings per share. We are providing non-GAAP results that exclude the impact of these special charges and loss on voluntary pension settlement as it allows for a better comparison of 2014 financial results to 2013 and 2012. See notes 3 and 10 of the financial statements for additional information on the special charges and the loss on voluntary pension settlement
These non-GAAP measures may be considered in addition to results prepared in accordance with GAAP
 but they should not be considered a substitute for
 or superior to
 GAAP results. We intend to continue to provide these non-GAAP financial measures as part of our future earnings discussions and
 therefore
In addition to the above non-GAAP measures
 we use total debt to adjusted earnings before interest
 tax
 depreciation and amortization (adjusted EBITDA) as a measure of leverage. We define adjusted EBITDA as net income plus expenses of interest
 income taxes
 depreciation and amortization
 special charges and loss on voluntary pension settlement. Adjusted EBITDA and the ratio of total debt to adjusted EBITDA are both non-GAAP financial measures. This ratio measures our ability to repay outstanding debt obligations. Our target for total debt to adjusted EBITDA
 excluding the temporary impact from acquisition activity
1
1
1
We generate strong cash flow from operations which enables us to fund operating projects and investments that are designed to meet our growth objectives
 increase our dividend
 fund capital projects and make share repurchases when appropriate. In 2015
In the cash flow statement
 the changes in operating assets and liabilities are presented excluding the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates
 as these do not reflect actual cash flows. Accordingly
The reported values of our assets and liabilities held in our non-U.S. subsidiaries and affiliates can be significantly affected by fluctuations in foreign exchange rates between periods. At November 30
 2014
 the exchange rate for the Euro
 British pound sterling
 Canadian dollar
 Polish zloty and Australian dollar were lower versus the U.S. dollar than at November 30
&#32;Operating cash flow was $503.6 million in 2014
 $465.2 million in 2013 and $455.0 million in 2012. The variability between years is due in part to changes in pension contributions
 which were $16.8 million in 2014
 $42.7 million in 2013 and $104.3 million in 2012. These contributions include payments to unfunded plans. We did not make any contribution to our major U.S. pension plan in 2014 as the plan was already funded within our company funding guidelines. The change in inventory also had an impact on the variability in cash flow from operations
 as it was a use of cash in 2014 and 2013 and a modest source of cash in 2012. Higher adjusted net income
 which excludes the impact of special charges in 2014 and 2013 and the loss on voluntary pension settlement in 2013
 in 2014 compared to 2013 and in 2013 compared to 2012 was also a factor in the increased cash flow from operations in 2014 and in 2013
In addition to operating cash flow
 we also use cash conversion cycle (CCC) to measure our working capital management. This metric is different than operating cash flow in that it uses average balances instead of specific point in time measures. CCC is a calculation of the number of days
 on average
 that it takes us to convert a cash outlay for resources
 such as raw materials
The increase in CCC from 2013 to 2014 is mainly due to an increase in our days in inventory as a result of increased strategic raw material inventory.  In the future we expect to reduce CCC by decreasing our days in inventory. The increase in CCC from 2012 to 2013 is due to an increase in our days sales outstanding and a decrease in our days payable outstanding. The increase in days sales outstanding was due in part to a greater customer response in 2013 to our U.S. holiday display program
 which includes extended terms
&#32;Net cash used in investing activities was $131.6 million in 2014
 $239.7 million in 2013 and $109.0 million in 2012. The variability between years is principally a result of cash usage related to our acquisitions of businesses and joint venture interests
 which amounted to $142.3 million in 2013. We did not make any acquisitions in either 2014 or 2012. See note 2 of the financial statements for further details related to the 2013 acquisition. Capital expenditures were $132.7 million in 2014
&#32;Net cash used in financing activities was $348.9 million in 2014
 $245.9 million in 2013 and $324.3 million in 2012. The variability between years is principally a result of share repurchase and dividend activity
 described below
 and of changes in our net borrowing activity. In 2014 and 2013
 our net borrowing activity provided cash of $56.1 million and $66.7 million
 respectively. In 2013
 we received net cash proceeds of $246.2 million from our issuance of $250 million of 3.50% notes due 2023. We used these net proceeds
 together with cash on hand
 to repay $250 million of maturing 5.25% notes and $1.4 million of other long-term debt
 and we increased our net short-term borrowings by $71.9 million in 2013. In 2012
 our net borrowing activity used cash of $80.5 million
As of November 30
 2014
 $116 million remained of a $400 million share repurchase program that was authorized by our Board of Directors in April 2013. During the fourth quarter of 2013
The common stock issued in 2014
In November 2014
 the Board of Directors approved an 8.1% increase in the quarterly dividend from $0.37 to $0.40 per share. During the past five years
For 2014
The changes in our total debt to adjusted EBITDA from 2012 to 2013 are mainly due to changes in our debt in conjunction with acquisition activity and the subsequent reduction of that debt. In 2011
 we increased our debt levels to help fund our Kohinoor
acquisitions. During 2012
 the debt associated with these acquisitions was  reduced to bring our total debt to adjusted EBITDA within our target range of 1.5 to 1.8. For 2013
 our EBITDA is lower due to the impact of the special charges and loss on voluntary pension settlement. Excluding the impact of special charges and loss on voluntary pension settlement
Most of our cash is in our foreign subsidiaries. We manage our worldwide cash requirements by considering available funds among the many subsidiaries through which we conduct our business and the cost effectiveness with which those funds can be accessed. The permanent repatriation of cash balances from certain of our subsidiaries could have adverse tax consequences; however
 those balances are generally available without legal restrictions to fund ordinary business operations
 capital projects and future acquisitions. At November 30
 2014
 we temporarily used $201.4 million of cash from our foreign subsidiaries to pay down short-term debt in the U.S. The average short-term borrowings outstanding for the years ended November&#160;30
 2014 and 2013 were $423.7 million and $390.7 million
 respectively. The total average debt outstanding for the years ended November&#160;30
 2014 and 2013 was $1
428.7 million and $1
395.7 million
In November 2012 and in April and August 2013
 we entered into a total of $175 million of forward-starting interest rate swap and Treasury rate lock agreements to manage our interest rate risk associated with the anticipated issuance of fixed rate notes in August 2013. We cash settled all of these agreements
 which were designated as cash flow hedges
&#8211; Cash flows from operating activities are our primary source of liquidity for funding growth
 share repurchases
 dividends and capital expenditures. We also rely on our revolving credit facility
 or borrowings backed by this facility
Our major revolving credit facility has a total committed capacity of $600 million
 which expires in 2016. We generally use this facility to support our issuance of commercial paper. If the commercial paper market is not available or viable
 we could borrow directly under our revolving credit facility. The facility is made available by a syndicate of banks
 with various commitments per bank. If any of the banks in this syndicate are unable to perform on their commitments
 our liquidity could be impacted
 which could reduce our ability to grow through funding of seasonal working capital. In addition to our committed revolving credit facility
 we have uncommitted credit facilities for $125.4 million as of November&#160;30
 2014 that will expire in 2015. We engage in regular communication with all of the banks participating in our credit facilities. During these communications
 none of the banks have indicated that they may be unable to perform on their commitments. In addition
 we periodically review our banking and financing relationships
 considering the stability of the institutions and other aspects of the relationships. Based on these communications and our monitoring activities
&#8211; We hold investments in equity and debt securities in both our qualified defined benefit pension plans and through a rabbi trust for our nonqualified defined benefit pension plan. Cash payments to pension plans
 including unfunded plans
 were $16.8 million in 2014
 $42.7 million in 2013 and $104.3 million in 2012. Our cash contributions in 2012 included a $35 million contribution made late in the fiscal year to bring the pension plan's funding status within our company guidelines. It is expected that the 2015 total pension plan contributions will be approximately $16 million primarily for international plans. Future increases or decreases in pension liabilities and required cash contributions are highly dependent on changes in interest rates and the actual return on plan assets. We base our investment of plan assets
 in part
 on the duration of each plan&#8217;s liabilities. Across all of our qualified defined benefit pension plans
 approximately 66% of assets are invested in equities
 25% in fixed income investments and 9% in other investments. Assets in the rabbi trust are primarily invested in corporate-owned life insurance
 the value of which approximates an investment mix of approximately 50% in equities and 50% in fixed income investments. See also note 10 of the financial statements
In 2013
 we purchased the assets of Wuhan Asia-Pacific Condiments Co. Ltd. (WAPC)
 a privately held company based in China
 for $144.8 million
 which included $142.3 million of cash paid
 net of closing adjustments
 and the assumption of $2.5 million of liabilities. The acquisition was financed with a combination of cash and debt. WAPC
 included in our consumer business segment
&#32;brand bouillon products
Below is a line graph comparing the yearly change in McCormick&#8217;s cumulative total shareholder return (stock price appreciation plus reinvestment of dividends) on McCormick&#8217;s Non-Voting Common Stock with (1)&#160;the cumulative total return of the Standard&#160;&amp; Poor&#8217;s 500 Stock Price Index
 assuming reinvestment of dividends
 and (2)&#160;the cumulative total return of the Standard&#160;&amp; Poor&#8217;s Packaged Foods&#160;&amp; Meats Index
We utilize derivative financial instruments to enhance our ability to manage risk
 including foreign exchange and interest rate exposures
 which exist as part of our ongoing business operations. We do not enter into contracts for trading purposes
&#32;We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency in the following main areas: cash flows related to raw material purchases; the translation of foreign currency earnings to U.S. dollars; the value of foreign currency investments in subsidiaries and unconsolidated affiliates and cash flows related to repatriation of these investments. Primary exposures include the U.S. dollar versus the Euro
 British pound sterling
 Canadian dollar
 Polish zloty
 Australian dollar
 Mexican peso
 Chinese renminbi
 Indian rupee
 Thai baht and Swiss franc
During 2014
 the foreign currency translation component in other comprehensive income was principally related to the impact of exchange rate fluctuations on our net investments in France
 the U.K.
 Poland
The following table summarizes the foreign currency exchange contracts held at November&#160;30
 2014. All contracts are valued in U.S. dollars using year-end 2014 exchange rates and have been designated as hedges of foreign currency transactional exposures
FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE CONTRACTS AT NOVEMBER 30
We have a number of smaller contracts with an aggregate notional value of $12.7 million to purchase or sell other currencies
 such as the Swiss franc and the Thai baht
 as of November&#160;30
 2014. The aggregate fair value of these contracts was $0.4 million at November&#160;30
At November&#160;30
 2013
 we had foreign currency exchange contracts for the Euro
 British pound sterling
 Canadian dollar
 Australian dollar and Polish zloty with a notional value of $204.9 million
 all of which matured in 2014. The aggregate fair value of these contracts was $(0.5) million at November&#160;30
&#32;Our policy is to manage interest rate risk by entering into both fixed and variable rate debt arrangements. We also use interest rate swaps to minimize worldwide financing costs and to achieve a desired mix of fixed and variable rate debt. The table that follows provides principal cash flows and related interest rates
 excluding the effect of interest rate swaps and the amortization of any discounts or fees
 by fiscal year of maturity at November&#160;30
 2014. For foreign currency-denominated debt
YEAR OF MATURITY AT NOVEMBER 30
1
1
The table above displays the debt by the terms of the original debt instrument without consideration of fair value
&#8211; We purchase certain raw materials which are subject to price volatility caused by weather
 market conditions
 growing and harvesting conditions
 governmental actions and other factors beyond our control. In 2014
 our most significant raw materials were pepper
 dairy products
 rice
 capsicums (red peppers and paprika)
 onion
 garlic and wheat flour. While future movements of raw material costs are uncertain
 we respond to this volatility in a number of ways
 including strategic raw material purchases
 purchases of raw material for future delivery and customer price adjustments. We generally have not used derivatives to manage the volatility related to this risk. To the extent that we have used derivatives for this purpose
&#8211; The customers of our consumer business are predominantly food retailers and food wholesalers. Consolidations in these industries have created larger customers. In addition
 competition has increased with the growth in alternative channels including mass merchandisers
 dollar stores
The following table reflects a summary of our contractual obligations and commercial commitments as of November&#160;30
1
2
Pension and postretirement funding can vary significantly each year due to changes in legislation
 our significant assumptions and investment return on plan assets. As a result
We had no off-balance sheet arrangements as of November&#160;30
In preparing the financial statements
 we are required to make estimates and assumptions that have an impact on the assets
 liabilities
 revenue and expenses reported. These estimates can also affect supplemental information   disclosed by us
 including information about contingencies
 risk and financial condition. We believe
 given current facts and circumstances
 our estimates and assumptions are reasonable
 adhere to U.S. GAAP and are consistently applied. Inherent in the nature of an estimate or assumption is the fact that actual results may differ from estimates
 and estimates may vary as new facts and circumstances arise. In preparing the financial statements
 we make routine estimates and judgments in determining the net realizable value of accounts receivable
 inventory
In several of our major geographic markets
 the consumer business sells our products by entering into annual or multi-year customer contracts. These contracts include provisions for items such as sales discounts
sales volume of indirect customers
Determining the fair value of a reporting unit or an indefinite-lived purchased intangible asset is judgmental in nature and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions include revenue growth rates and operating margins used to calculate projected future cash flows
 risk-adjusted discount rates
 assumed royalty rates
Our reporting units are the same as our operating segments. We calculate fair value of a reporting unit by using a discounted cash flow model. Our discounted cash flow model calculates fair value by present valuing future expected cash flows of our reporting units using our internal cost of capital as the discount rate. We then compare this fair value to the carrying amount of the reporting unit
 including intangible assets and goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds the calculated fair value
 then we would determine the implied fair value of the reporting unit&#8217;s goodwill. An impairment charge would be recognized to the extent the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value. As of November&#160;30
 2014
 we had $1
722.2 million of goodwill recorded in our balance sheet ($1
Our indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of brand names and trademarks. We calculate fair value by using a relief-from-royalty method or discounted cash flow model and then compare that to the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset. As of November&#160;30
 2014
 we had $270.8 million of brand name assets and trademarks recorded in our balance sheet and none of the balances exceed their calculated fair values. At November 30
 2014
 the percentage excess of calculated fair value over book value of our major brand names and trademarks ranges from a low of 8% to a high of over 70%. While we believe that it is reasonably possible that
 in the event of an increase in discount rates and/or a decline in forecasted revenues
 a non-cash impairment charge may be required
 we do not believe that the amount of such an impairment charge would be significant. At November 30
 2014
Below is a table which outlines the book value of our major brand names and trademarks as of November&#160;30
We estimate income taxes and file tax returns in each of the taxing jurisdictions in which we operate and are required to file a tax return. At the end of each year
 an estimate for income taxes is recorded in the financial statements. Tax returns are generally filed in the third or fourth quarter of the subsequent year. A reconciliation of the estimate to the final tax return is done at that time which will result in changes to the original estimate. We believe that our tax return positions are appropriately supported
taxes. We believe that our reserve for uncertain tax positions
 including related interest
 is adequate. The amounts ultimately paid upon resolution of audits could be materially different from the amounts previously included in our income tax expense and
 therefore
 could have a material impact on our tax provision
 net income and cash flows. We have recorded valuation allowances to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. In doing so
Pension and other postretirement plans&#8217; costs require the use of assumptions for discount rates
 investment returns
 projected salary increases
 mortality rates and health care cost trend rates. The actuarial assumptions used in our pension and postretirement benefit reporting are reviewed annually and compared with external benchmarks to ensure that they appropriately account for our future pension and postretirement benefit obligations. While we believe that the assumptions used are appropriate
Assumptions as to mortality of the participants in our pension plan is a key estimate in measuring the expected payments a participant may receive over their lifetime and therefore the amount of expense we will recognize.  During 2014
In determining the most appropriate mortality assumptions for our U.S. defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans at November 30
 2014
 we considered the updated mortality tables issued by the Society of Actuaries
The use of these updated mortality assumptions increased the benefit obligation for our U.S. defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans by approximately $18 million at November 30
 2014 and will have the effect of increasing related expense by approximately $2 million in 2015.  We will continue to evaluate the appropriateness of mortality and other assumptions used in the measurement of our pension obligations. In addition
We estimate the fair value of our stock-based compensation using fair value pricing models which require the use of significant assumptions for expected volatility of stock
We are also responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. We maintain a system of internal control that is designed to provide reasonable assurance as to the fair and reliable preparation and presentation of the consolidated financial statements
Our control environment is the foundation for our system of internal control over financial reporting and is embodied in our Business Ethics Policy. It sets the tone of our organization and includes factors such as integrity and ethical values. Our internal control over financial reporting is supported by formal policies and procedures which are reviewed
The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors
 which is composed solely of independent directors
 meets periodically with members of management
&#32;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (1992 framework). This evaluation included review of the documentation of controls
 evaluation of the design effectiveness of controls
 testing of the operating effectiveness of controls and a conclusion on this evaluation. Although there are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any system of internal control over financial reporting
 based on our evaluation
 we have concluded with reasonable assurance that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of November&#160;30
Our internal control over financial reporting as of November&#160;30
Gordon M. Stetz
McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
We have audited McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting as of November&#160;30
 2014
&#32;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (1992 framework) (the COSO criteria). McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated&#8217;s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk
A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1)&#160;pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2)&#160;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3)&#160;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
In our opinion
 McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of November&#160;30
 2014
We also have audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the consolidated balance sheets of McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated as of November&#160;30
 2014 and 2013
 and the related consolidated income statements
 statements of comprehensive income
 statements of shareholders&#8217; equity and cash flow statements for each of the three years in the period ended November&#160;30
 2014 and our report dated January&#160;29
Baltimore
January&#160;29
McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated as of November&#160;30
 2014 and 2013
 and the related consolidated income statements
 statements of comprehensive income
 statements of shareholders&#8217; equity and cash flow statements for each of the three years in the period ended November&#160;30
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
In our opinion
 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial position of McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated at November&#160;30
 2014 and 2013
 and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended November&#160;30
 2014
 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also
 in our opinion
 the related financial statement schedule
 when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole
We also have audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting as of November&#160;30
 2014
&#32;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (1992 framework) and our report dated January&#160;29
Baltimore
January&#160;29
4
4
4
2
2
2
1
1
1
Selling
1
1
1
Other income
Trade accounts receivable
1
1
Property
 plant and equipment
1
1
Intangible assets
4
4
1
1
1
1
2
2
Common stock
2014&#8211;12.0 shares
Common stock non-voting
 no par value; authorized 320.0 shares; issued and outstanding: 2014&#8211;116.4 shares
1
1
4
4
Proceeds from sale of property
Short-term borrowings
Balance
 November 30
1
Other comprehensive loss
Shares issued
Balance
 November 30
1
Other comprehensive income (loss)
Shares issued
Balance
 November 30
1
Other comprehensive loss
Shares issued
Balance
 November 30
1
The financial statements include the accounts of our majority-owned or controlled subsidiaries and affiliates. Intercompany transactions have been eliminated. Investments in unconsolidated affiliates
 over which we exercise significant influence
 but not control
 are accounted for by the equity method. Accordingly
For majority-owned or controlled subsidiaries and affiliates
 if located outside of the U.S.
 with functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar
 asset and liability accounts are translated at the rates of exchange at the balance sheet date and the resultant translation adjustments are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 a separate component of shareholders&#8217; equity. Income and expense items are translated at average monthly rates of exchange. Gains and losses from foreign currency transactions of these majority-owned or controlled subsidiaries and affiliates-that is
Our unconsolidated affiliates located outside the U.S. generally use their local currencies as their functional currencies. The asset and liability accounts of those unconsolidated affiliates
 and our investment in the net assets of those unconsolidated affiliates
 are translated at the rates of exchange at the balance sheet date and the resultant translation adjustments are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using standard or average costs which approximate the first-in
Property
Property
&#32;years for machinery
We capitalize costs of software developed or obtained for internal use. Capitalized software development costs include only (1)&#160;direct costs paid to others for materials and services to develop or buy the software
&#32;years
November 30
 2014
November 30
November 30
growth rates and operating margins used to calculate projected future cash flows
 risk-adjusted discount rates
 assumed royalty rates
Our reporting units used to assess potential goodwill impairment are the same as our business segments. We calculate fair value of a reporting unit by using a discounted cash flow model and then compare that to the carrying amount of the reporting unit
 including intangible assets and goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds the calculated fair value
Our indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of brand names and trademarks. We calculate fair value by using a relief-from-royalty method or discounted cash flow model and then compare that to the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset. If the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value
Fixed assets and amortizable intangible assets are reviewed for impairment as events or changes in circumstances occur indicating that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. Undiscounted cash flow analyses are used to determine if an impairment exists. If an impairment is determined to exist
We recognize revenue when we have an agreement with the customer; upon either shipment or delivery
 depending upon contractual terms; and when the sales price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. We reduce revenue for estimated product returns
Trade allowances
 consisting primarily of customer pricing allowances
 merchandising funds and consumer coupons
Shipping and handling costs on our products sold to customers are included in selling
 general and administrative expense in the income statement. Shipping and handling expense was 
 
 
Research and development costs are expensed as incurred and are included in selling
 general and administrative expense in the income statement. Research and development expense was 
 
 
Total brand marketing support costs
 which are included in selling
 general and administrative expense in the income statement
 were 
 
 
 respectively. Brand marketing support costs include advertising
 promotions and customer trade funds used for cooperative advertising. Promotion costs include public relations
 shopper marketing
 social marketing activities
 general consumer promotion activities and depreciation on assets used in these promotional activities. Advertising costs include the development
 production and communication of advertisements through television
 digital
 print and radio. Development and production costs are expensed in the period in which the advertisement is first run. All other costs of advertisement are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense was 
 
 
We sponsor defined benefit pension plans in the U.S. and certain foreign locations. In addition
We recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of our defined benefit pension plans as an asset or a liability in the balance sheet
We use the corridor approach in the valuation of defined benefit pension plans. The corridor approach defers all actuarial gains and losses resulting from variances between actual results and actuarial assumptions. For defined benefit pension plans
In May 2014
In February 2013
This guidance is intended to provide disclosure on items reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) either in the notes or parenthetically on the face of the income statement. We adopted this new accounting pronouncement in 2014 and have included the necessary disclosures in note 9
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss. There was no impact on our financial statements from adoption
On May 31
 2013
 we completed the purchase of the assets of Wuhan Asia-Pacific Condiments Co. Ltd. (WAPC)
 a privately held company based in China
 for 
&#32;of cash paid
 net of closing adjustments
&#32;of liabilities. The acquisition was financed with a combination of cash and debt. WAPC manufactures and markets DaQiao and ChuShiLe brand bouillon products
 which have a leading position in the central region of China. WAPC is included in our consumer business segment from the date of acquisition. At the time of acquisition
.  During the second quarter of 2014
&#32;allocated to tangible net assets
&#32;allocated to goodwill. The completion of the final valuation did not result in material changes to our consolidated income statement or our consolidated balance sheet from our preliminary purchase price allocation. Goodwill related to the WAPC acquisition is not deductible for tax purposes. During the years ended November 30
 2013 and 2012
 we recorded 
 respectively
 in transaction-related expenses associated with the WAPC acquisition in selling
In the fourth quarter of 2013
 we announced a reorganization in parts of the Europe
 Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region to further improve EMEA&#8217;s profitability and process standardization while supporting its competitiveness and long-term growth. These actions include the closure of our current sales and distribution operations in The Netherlands
&#32;brand
actions intended to streamline selling
 general and administrative activities throughout EMEA
In 2014
&#32;of charges associated with this previously announced EMEA reorganization
&#32;for other exit costs. For 2013
&#32;of charges related to this reorganization. For both years
&#32;of special charges recognized in 2013
&#32;related to employee severance
&#32;to asset write-downs
&#32;of special charges recognized with respect to this reorganization in 2014
&#32;of special charges recognized in 2013
&#32;special charge for 2013 relates to an impairment charge for the reduction in the value of our Silvo brand name in The Netherlands. Our decision to transition to a third-party distributor model to continue to sell the Silvo brand led us to conclude an impairment indicator to the Silvo brand was present. We calculated the fair value of the Silvo brand using the relief-from-royalty method and determined that it was lower than its carrying value. Consequently
&#32;in special charges included in our consumer business segment during the fourth quarter of 2013. The carrying value of the Silvo brand name as of November 30
The following table outlines the major components of accrual balances relating to the special charges associated with this EMEA reorganization as of November 30
 2013 and November 30
Balance as of November 30
Balance as of November 30
In 2014
 we continued to evaluate changes to our organizational structure to enable us to reduce fixed costs
 simplify or improve processes
&#32;of special charges recognized in 2014 related to the previously announced EMEA reorganization
&#32;of special charges
 consisting of the following:  (1) During the third quarter of 2014
 we recorded special charges in the amount of 
 principally related to employee severance
. We expect that this action will be completed by 2015 and
 upon completion
. (2) During the fourth quarter of 2014
 we recorded special charges in the Australian business in the amount of 
 all related to the consumer segment business
 consisting of employee severance and related expenses
. We expect that this reorganization will be completed in 2015 and
 upon completion
. (3) During the fourth quarter of 2014
 we recorded special charges of 
 consisting of employee severance and related expenses
&#32;in special charges
&#32;related to the consumer business segment and industrial business segment
. We expect that this action will be completed in 2015 and
 upon completion
November 30
1
1
1
2
2
2
162.1
 
 
November 30
 2014
November 30
1
1
1
1
November 30
 2014
 
 
&#32;interest in McCormick de Mexico
&#32;of income from unconsolidated operations in 2014
1
1
1
1
&#32;during this period (our effective rate as of November&#160;30
Interest rate swaps
 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2007
Interest rate swaps
 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2011
Interest rate swaps
 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2013
Maturities of long-term debt during the fiscal years subsequent to November&#160;30
In August 2013
&#32;notes due 2023
. Interest is payable semiannually in arrears in March and September of each year. Of these notes
&#32;were subject to interest rate hedges as further disclosed in note 7. The net proceeds from this offering
 plus cash on hand
We have available credit facilities with domestic and foreign banks for various purposes. Some of these lines are committed lines and others are uncommitted lines and could be withdrawn at various times. In June 2011
&#32;revolving credit facility
. The pricing for this credit facility
 on a fully drawn basis
November 30
 2014
&#32;was used to support issued commercial paper. In addition
November 30
. These lines by their nature can be withdrawn based on the lenders&#8217; discretion. Committed credit facilities require a fee
 and annual commitment fees were 
November 30
 2014
November 30
 2014
 we had outstanding letters of credit&#160;of 
November 30
We use derivative financial instruments to enhance our ability to manage risk
 including foreign currency and interest rate exposures
 which exist as part of our ongoing business operations. We do not enter into contracts for trading purposes
 nor are we a party to any leveraged derivative instrument and all derivatives are designated as hedges. We are not a party to master netting arrangements
We are potentially exposed to foreign currency fluctuations affecting net investments
Contracts which are designated as hedges of anticipated purchases denominated in a foreign currency (generally purchases of raw materials in U.S. dollars by operating units outside the U.S.) are considered cash flow hedges. The gains and losses on these contracts are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income until the hedged item is recognized in cost of goods sold
 at which time the net amount deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income is also recognized in cost of goods sold. Gains and losses from contracts which are designated as hedges of assets
 liabilities or firm commitments are recognized through income
At November 30
 2014
&#32;at November 30
 2013. All of these contracts were designated as hedges of anticipated purchases denominated in a foreign currency or hedges of foreign currency denominated assets or liabilities. Hedge ineffectiveness was not material. At November 30
 2014
We finance a portion of our operations with both fixed and variable rate debt instruments
 primarily commercial paper
In November 2012 and in April and August 2013
&#32;of forward-starting interest rate swap and Treasury rate lock agreements to manage our interest rate risk associated with the anticipated issuance of fixed rate notes in August 2013. We cash settled all of these agreements
 which were designated as cash flow hedges
In March 2006
. We designated these swaps
 which expire in 
November 30
 2014
November&#160;30
November&#160;30
The following tables disclose the impact of derivative instruments on other comprehensive income (OCI)
November 30
 2014
November 30
1
1
1
1
Because of their short-term nature
 the amounts reported in the balance sheet for cash and cash equivalents
 receivables
Investments in affiliates are not readily marketable
November 30
 2014
We are potentially exposed to concentrations of credit risk with trade accounts receivable
 prepaid allowances and financial instruments. The customers of our consumer business are predominantly food retailers and food wholesalers. Consolidations in these industries have created larger customers. In addition
 competition has increased with the growth in alternative channels including mass merchandisers
 dollar stores
 warehouse clubs and discount chains. This has caused some customers to be less profitable and increased our exposure to credit risk. We have a large and diverse customer base and
 other than with respect to the two customers disclosed in note 16
 each of which accounted for greater than 10% of our consolidated sales
 there was no material concentration of credit risk in these accounts at November 30
 2014. At November 30
 2014
Fair value can be measured using valuation techniques
 such as the market approach (comparable market prices)
&#32;&#160;&#160;Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability
November 30
value&#160;hierarchy&#160;as&#160;of&#160; November&#160;30
value&#160;hierarchy&#160;as&#160;of&#160;November&#160;30
The following table sets forth the components of accumulated other comprehensive loss
Accumulated other comprehensive loss
November 30
 2014
Net
Net
We sponsor defined benefit pension plans in the U.S. and certain foreign locations. In addition
November 30
Annually
 we undertake a process
 with the assistance of our external investment consultants
&#32;related to the U.S. pension plan. During the third quarter of 2013
 we offered former employees with deferred vested benefits in that plan the opportunity to settle those benefits in exchange for a lump sum payment. Based upon the acceptance of that offer by certain employees
Rollforward of the benefit obligation
 fair value of plan assets and a reconciliation of the pension plans&#8217; funded status as of November&#160;30
 the measurement date
 follows:
 respectively
November 30
 2014
 respectively. The assets related to this plan
November 30
 2014
 respectively
November 30
 2014
November 30
 2014
The investment objectives of the defined benefit pension plans are to provide assets to meet the current and future obligations of the plans at a reasonable cost to us. The goal is to optimize the long-term return across the portfolio of investments at a moderate level of risk. Higher-returning assets include mutual
 co-mingled and other funds comprised of equity securities
 utilizing both active and passive investment styles. These more volatile assets are balanced with less volatile assets
 primarily mutual
 co-mingled and other funds comprised of fixed income securities. Professional investment firms are engaged to provide advice on the selection and monitoring of investment funds
November 30
 2014
 by asset category
November 30
 2014
 by asset category
The following tables set forth by level
 within the fair value hierarchy as described in note 8
November 30
As of November 30
As of November 30
As of November 30
As of November 30
This category comprises insurance contracts
This category comprises private equity
Net
Net
The value for the Level 3 hedge funds&#8217; assets is determined by an administrator using financial statements of the underlying funds or estimates provided by fund managers. The value for the Level 3 private equity funds&#8217; assets is determined by the general partner or the general partner&#8217;s designee. In addition
 for the plans&#8217; Level 3 assets
 we engage an independent advisor to compare the funds&#8217; returns to other funds with similar strategies. Each fund is required to have an annual audit by an independent accountant
November 30
 2014
For the U.S. defined contribution retirement plan
&#32;of the participant&#8217;s salary
 and 
 
 
At the participant&#8217;s election
&#32;shares of McCormick stock
 with a fair value of 
November 30
&#32;years of service. The subsidy provided under these plans is based primarily on age at date of retirement. These benefits are not pre-funded but paid as incurred. Employees hired after December&#160;31
Rollforwards of the benefit obligation
 fair value of plan assets and a reconciliation of the plans&#8217; funded status at November&#160;30
 the measurement date
 follow:
For 2014
&#32;types of stock-based compensation awards: restricted stock units (RSUs)
 stock options and company stock awarded as part of our long-term performance plan (LTPP) (formerly known as our mid-term incentive program or MTIP). Total stock-based compensation expense for 
 
 
November 30
.  As of November 30
 2014
&#32;shares remaining available for future issuance under our RSUs
For all awards
RSUs are valued at the market price of the underlying stock
 discounted by foregone dividends
-year term or upon retirement. Prior to 2014
-year period. Prior to 2014
-year period or upon retirement. Upon exercise of the option
 shares are issued from our authorized and unissued shares.
 
 
Under our stock option plans
November 30
 2014
. At November 30
 2014
 the differences between options outstanding and options expected to vest and their related weighted average exercise prices
November 30
 2014
 
 
November 30
State income taxes
Other
November 30
 2014
. Of these carryforwards
&#32;expire through 2016
November 30
 2014
November 30
 2014
 we have tax credit carryforwards of 
 of which 
&#32;net increase in the valuation allowance was mainly due to the recognition of deferred tax assets related to subsidiaries net operating losses which are now more likely than not to be realized
November 30
. Upon distribution of these earnings
November 30
November 30
 2013
 respectively. If recognized
 
November 30
 2014
&#32;and 2012
November 30
 2014
 we had accrued 
 respectively
Tax settlements or statute of limitation expirations could result in a change to our uncertain tax positions.  We believe that it is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits as of November 30
&#32;in the next 12 months as a result of various statute expirations
We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and non-U.S. jurisdictions. The open years subject to tax audits vary depending on the tax jurisdictions. In major jurisdictions
We are under normal recurring tax audits in several of our major operations outside the U.S. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular uncertain tax position
&#32;of the vote entitled to be cast by the holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock
 automatically
 on a share-for-share basis
Holders of Common Stock Non-Voting will vote as a separate class on all matters on which they are entitled to vote. Holders of Common Stock Non-Voting are entitled to vote on reverse mergers and statutory share exchanges where our capital stock is converted into other securities or property
 dissolution of the company and the sale of substantially all of our assets
During the normal course of our business
November 30
 2014
 no material reserves were recorded. No reserves are established for losses which are only reasonably possible. The determination of probability and the estimation of the actual amount of any such loss is inherently unpredictable
 and it is therefore possible that the eventual outcome of such claims and litigation could exceed the estimated reserves
 if any. However
We operate in two business segments: consumer and industrial. The consumer and industrial segments manufacture
 market and distribute spices
 seasoning mixes
 condiments and other flavorful products throughout the world. Our consumer segment sells to retail outlets
 including grocery
 mass merchandise
 warehouse clubs
 discount and drug stores under the &#8220;McCormick&#8221; brand and a variety of brands around the world
 including &#8220;Lawry&#8217;s&#8221;
 &#8220;Zatarain&#8217;s&#8221;
 &#8220;Simply Asia&#8221;
 &#8220;Thai Kitchen&#8221;
 &#8220;Ducros&#8221;
 &#8220;Vahin&#233;&#8221;
 &#8220;Schwartz&#8221;
 &#8220;Club House&#8221;
 &#8220;Kamis&#8221;
In each of our segments
 we produce and sell many individual products which are similar in composition and nature. With their primary attribute being flavor
We measure segment performance based on operating income excluding special charges and loss on voluntary pension settlement as these activities are managed separately from the business segments. Although the segments are managed separately due to their distinct distribution channels and marketing strategies
 manufacturing and warehousing are often integrated to maximize cost efficiencies. We do not segregate jointly utilized assets by individual segment for internal reporting
 evaluating performance or allocating capital. Therefore
We have a large number of customers for our products. Sales to one of our consumer business customers
 Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc.
 accounted for 
. Sales to one of our industrial business customers
 PepsiCo
 Inc.
 accounted for 
Accounting policies for measuring segment operating income and assets are consistent with those described in note 1. Because of integrated manufacturing for certain products within the segments
 products are not sold from one segment to another but rather inventory is transferred at cost. Inter-segment sales are not material. Corporate assets include cash
 deferred taxes
2
1
4
4
1
1
1
4
4
2
1
4
4
1
1
1
4
4
2
1
4
4
1
1
1
3
4
November 30
2
4
1
2
2
4
1
2
2
4
1
2
Long-lived assets include property
 plant and equipment
 goodwill and intangible assets
Supplemental income statement
Property
 plant and equipment
1
1
1
1
1
1
170.1
 respectively
 related to EMEA reorganization and other streamlining  activities. For the third and fourth quarters of 2014
 the after tax impact of these charges was 
 respectively
Earnings per share are computed independently for each of the quarters presented. Therefore
On January 26
 2015
 we approved a voluntary early retirement plan to be offered to certain U.S. employees aged 55 years or older with at least ten years of service to the company. The cost of the voluntary early retirement plan (which includes enhanced separation benefits but does not include supplementary pension benefits) is expected to approximate 
 with the actual cost to be determined based upon acceptance by eligible employees
 and to be recorded in the second quarter of 2015. This plan is part of a North American effectiveness initiative that
 upon completion
 is expected to generate cost savings of approximately 
 including the cost of the voluntary early retirement plan and other actions necessary to achieve the cost savings previously described
benefits that will be paid in cash. We continue to evaluate changes to our organization structure in certain other locations to enable us to reduce fixed costs
 simplify or improve processes
Our management
 with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
 as defined in Rule&#160;13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that
 as of the end of the period covered by this report
Management&#8217;s report on our internal control over financial reporting and the report of our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on internal control over financial reporting are included in our 2014 financial statements in Item&#160;8 of this Report under the captions entitled &#8220;Report of Management&#8221; and &#8220;Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.&#8221; No change occurred in our &#8220;internal control over financial reporting&#8221; (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)) during our last fiscal quarter which has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect
ITEM&#160;10.&#160;&#160;DIRECTORS
Information responsive to this item is set forth in the sections titled &#8220;Corporate Governance
&#8221; &#8220;Election of Directors&#8221; and &#8220;Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance&#8221; in our 2015 Proxy Statement
 incorporated by reference herein
In addition to the executive officers described in the 2015 Proxy Statement incorporated by reference in this Item&#160;10 of this Report
 the following individuals are also executive officers of McCormick: Paul C. Beard
 Cecile K. Perich
Mr.&#160;Beard is 60 years old and
 during the last five years
 has held the following positions with McCormick: September 2013 to present&#8211;Senior Vice President&#160;Finance; January 2011 to September 2013&#8211;President&#160;Asia Pacific Zone; April 2008 to December 2010&#8211;Senior Vice President
&#160;Finance &amp; Treasurer; March 2002 to April 2008&#8211; Vice President
Ms.&#160;Perich is 63 years old and
 during the last five years
 has held the following positions with McCormick: April 2010 to present&#8211;Senior Vice President
 Human Relations; January 2007 to April 2010&#8211;Vice President
Mr. Schwartz is 45 years old and
 during the last five years
 has held the following positions with McCormick: December 2014 to present-Vice President
Mr. Smith is 50 years old and
 during the last five years
 has held the following positions with McCormick: September 2014 to present-Senior Vice President
May 2012-Vice President-Treasury &amp; Investor Relations; April 2005 to September 2011-Vice President
We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to all employees
 including our principal executive officer
 principal financial officer
 principal accounting officer
 and our Board of Directors. A copy of the code of ethics is available on our internet website at www.mccormickcorporation.com. We will satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item&#160;5.05 of Form 8-K regarding any material amendment to our code of ethics
 and any waiver from a provision of our code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer
 principal financial officer
 principal accounting officer
 or persons performing similar functions
Information responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference to the sections titled &#8220;Compensation of Directors
&#8221; &#8220;Compensation Discussion and Analysis
&#8221; &#8220;Compensation Committee Report
&#8221; &#8220;Summary Compensation Table
&#8221; &#8220;Grants of Plan-Based Awards
&#8221; &#8220;Narrative to the Summary Compensation Table
&#8221; &#8220;Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End
&#8221; &#8220;Option Exercises and Stock Vested in Last Fiscal Year
&#8221; &#8220;Pension Benefits
&#8221; &#8220;Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation
&#8221; &#8220;Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control
Information responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference to the sections titled &#8220;Principal Stockholders
ITEM&#160;13.&#160;&#160;CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
&#32;ITEM&#160;15.&#160;&#160;EXHIBITS
The Consolidated Financial Statements for McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated and related notes
 together with the Report of Management
 and the Report of Ernst&#160;&amp; Young LLP dated January&#160;29
 2015
 are included herein in Part II
Pursuant to the requirements of Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 McCormick has duly caused this report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
McCORMICK&#160;&amp; COMPANY
January 29
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
January 29
 2015
January 29
Gordon M. Stetz
January 29
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons
 being a majority of the Board of Directors of McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated
January 29
January 29
 2015
January 29
Freeman A. Hrabowski
January 29
January 29
January 29
 2015
January 29
Gordon M. Stetz
January 29
January 29
January 29
McCORMICK&#160;&amp; COMPANY
Year ended November&#160;30
Year ended November&#160;30
Year ended November&#160;30
Restatement of Charter of McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated dated April&#160;16
Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4 of Registration&#160;Form S-8
 Registration No. 33-39582 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 25
Articles of Amendment to Charter of McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated dated April&#160;1
Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4 of Registration&#160;Form S-8
 Registration Statement No. 33-59842 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March&#160;19
Articles of Amendment to Charter of McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated dated March&#160;27
Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4 of Registration&#160;Form S-8
 Registration Statement No. 333-104084 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March&#160;28
By-Laws of McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated Amended and Restated on June 26
Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3(ii) of McCormick's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 31
 2012
 File No. 1-14920
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July&#160;2
Instruments defining the rights of security holders
Summary of Certain Exchange Rights
 incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 of McCormick&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August&#160;31
 2001
 File No. 0-748
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October&#160;12
Indenture dated December&#160;5
 2000 between McCormick and SunTrust Bank
 incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4(iii) of McCormick&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 31
 2003
 File No. 1-14920
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 14
Indenture dated December&#160;7
 2007 between McCormick and The Bank of New York
 incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 of McCormick&#8217;s Form 8-K dated December&#160;4
 2007
 File No. 0-748
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December&#160;10
Indenture dated July&#160;8
 2011 between McCormick and U.S. Bank National Association
 incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 of McCormick&#8217;s Form 8-K dated July&#160;5
 2011
 File No. 1-14920
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July&#160;8
Form of 5.20% notes due 2015
 incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 of McCormick&#8217;s Form 8-K dated December&#160;1
 2005
 File No. 0-748
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December&#160;6
Form of 5.75% notes due 2017
 incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 of McCormick&#8217;s Form 8-K dated December 4
 2007
 File No. 0-748
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December&#160;10
Form of 3.90% notes due 2021
 incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 of McCormick&#8217;s Form 8-K dated July&#160;5
 2011
 File No.&#160;1-14920
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July&#160;8
Form of 3.50% notes due 2023
 incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 of McCormick&#8217;s Form 8-K dated August&#160;14
 2013
 File No.&#160;1-14920
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August&#160;19
McCormick&#8217;s supplemental pension plan for certain senior and executive officers
 amended and restated with an effective date of January 1
 2005
 adopted by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors on November 28
The 2001 Stock Option Plan
 in which officers and certain other management employees participate
 is set forth on pages 33 through 36 of McCormick&#8217;s definitive Proxy Statement dated February&#160;15
 2001
 File No. 1-14920
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February&#160;14
 2001
2004 Long-Term Incentive Plan
 in which officers and certain other management employees participate
 is set forth in Exhibit A of McCormick&#8217;s definitive Proxy Statement dated February&#160;17
 2004
 File No. 1-14920
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 17
 2004
2004 Directors&#8217; Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan
 provided to members of McCormick&#8217;s Board of Directors who are not also employees of McCormick
 is set forth in Exhibit B of McCormick&#8217;s definitive Proxy Statement dated February&#160;17
 2004
 File No. 1-14920
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February&#160;17
 2004
Directors&#8217; Share Ownership Program
 provided to members of McCormick&#8217;s Board of Directors who are not also employees of McCormick
 is set forth on page 28 of McCormick&#8217;s definitive Proxy Statement dated February&#160;17
 2004
 File No. 1-14920
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February&#160;17
 2004
Deferred Compensation Plan
 as restated on January&#160;1
 2000
 and amended on August&#160;29
 2000
&#160;September&#160;5
 2000 and May&#160;16
 2003
 in which directors
 officers and certain other management employees participate
 a copy of which Plan document and amendments was attached as Exhibit 10(viii) of McCormick&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August&#160;31
 2003
 File No. 1-14920
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October&#160;14
 2003
2005 Deferred Compensation Plan
 amended and restated with an effective date of January&#160;1
 2005
 in which directors
 officers and certain other management employees participate
 which agreement is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 of McCormick&#8217;s Form S-8
 Registration No. 333-155775
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 28
The 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan
 in which directors
 officers and certain other management employees participate
 is set forth in Exhibit A of McCormick&#8217;s definitive Proxy Statement dated February&#160;20
 2008
 File No. 1-14920
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February&#160;20
 2008
 and incorporated by reference herein
 as amended by Amendment No.&#160;1 thereto
 which Amendment is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(xi) of McCormick&#8217;s 10-K for the fiscal year ended November&#160;30
 2008
 File No.&#160;1-14920
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January&#160;28
The 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan
 in which directors
 officers and certain other management employees participate
 is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 of McCormick&#8217;s Form S-8
 Registration No. 333-187703
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 3
Form of Mid-Term Incentive Program Agreement
s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 31
 2013
 File No. 1-14920
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 28
Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement
s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 31
 2013
 File No. 1-14920
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 28
Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement for Directors
 incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.12 of McCormick&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 31
 2013
 File No. 1-14920
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 28
Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement
s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 31
 2013
 File No. 1-14920
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 28
Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Directors
s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 31
 2013
 File No. 1-14920
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 28
Form of Indemnification Agreement
 incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(xv) of McCormick&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended February 28
 2014
 File No. 1-14920
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 26
The following financial information from the Annual Report on Form 10-K of McCormick for the year ended November&#160;30
 2014
 furnished electronically herewith
McCormick hereby undertakes to furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission
 upon its request
 copies of additional instruments of McCormick with respect to long-term debt that involve an amount of securities that do not exceed 10 percent of the total assets of McCormick and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis
 pursuant to Regulation S-K
 Item 601(b)(4)(iii)(A) .














		


Amended and Restated Effective January 1
Article 3 .  Eligibility
APPENDIX A&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The McCormick Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan
as amended and restated June 19
Effective June 19
 2001
 the Company amended and restated the Plan.  The terms of the Plan
 as set forth in the 2001 restatement
 continue to apply to Grandfathered Benefits
 which are not subject to Section 409A of the Code
On December 24
 2004
 the Company adopted a resolution to amend the Plan to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A of the Code.  As part of this resolution
 the Company undertook to administer the Plan in accordance with a reasonable interpretation of Section 409A of the Code.  This resolution was effective January 1
In accordance with the December 24
 2004
 resolution and amendment
 the Plan has been operated in good faith compliance with Section 409A of the Code and the applicable guidance since January 1
The Plan
 as amended and restated in this document
 is effective January 1
For purposes of this Plan
 unless otherwise clearly apparent from the context
&#32;&#32;The earliest to occur of (1) a Change in Control Event
 (2) the Employee&#8217;s Disability
&#32;Any willful and continuous failure by the Employee to substantially perform his duties with the Company (unless the failure to perform is due to the Employee&#8217;s Disability) or any willful misconduct or gross negligence by the Employee which results in material economic harm to the Company
 or any conviction of the Employee of a felony.  No act or failure to act shall be considered &#8220;willful&#8221; for purposes of this definition if the Employee reasonably believed in good faith that such act or failure to act was in
 or not opposed to
 the best interests of the Company.  In the event of a willful and continuous failure by the Employee to substantially perform his duties
 the Company shall notify the Employee in writing of such failure to perform
the consolidation or merger of the Company with or into another entity where the Company is not the continuing or surviving corporation
 or pursuant to which shares of the Company&#8217;s capital stock are converted into cash
 securities or other property
 except for any consolidation or merger of the Company in which the holders (excluding any &#8220;Substantial Stockholders&#8221; as defined in Section 4
 &#8220;Common Stock
&#8221; subsection (b)(2)(H) of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company as in effect as of the date hereof (the &#8220;Charter&#8221;)) of the Company&#8217;s (A)&#160;voting common stock
 (B) non-voting common stock
 and (C) other classes of voting stock
 if any
 immediately before the consolidation or merger shall
 upon consummation of the consolidation or merger
any sale
 lease
any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended) becoming the beneficial owner (as defined in Section 4
 &#8220;Common Stock
&#8221; subsection (b)(2)(C) of the Charter)
 directly or indirectly
 of securities of the Company representing more than 13% (the &#8220;Specified Percentage&#8221;) of the voting power of all the outstanding securities of the Company having the right to vote in an election of the Board (after giving effect
 to the extent applicable
 to the operation of Section 4
 &#8220;Common Stock
&#8221; subsection (b) of the Charter) (including
 without limitation
 any securities of the Company that any such person has the right to acquire pursuant to any agreement
 or upon exercise of conversion rights
 warrants or options
 or otherwise
 which shall be deemed beneficially owned by such person)
 provided
 however
the event that the vote limitation with respect to Substantial Stockholders set forth in Section 4
 &#8220;Common Stock
&#8221; subsection (b) of the Charter becomes inoperative by virtue of the operation of Section 4
 &#8220;Common Stock
&#8221; subsection (b)(12) of the Charter
 or otherwise
 the &#8220;Specified Percentage&#8221; shall be increased
 without requirement for further action
individuals
 who constitute the entire Board elected by the Company&#8217;s stockholders at its most recent annual meeting of stockholders and any new directors who have been appointed to the Board by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then in office
Notwithstanding the definition of Change in Control Event set forth in this Section 2.1(g)
 if a Change in Control Event occurs and such event does not constitute a &#8220;change in ownership
&#8221; &#8220;change in effective control
&#8221; or &#8220;change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets&#8221; of the Company within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code
 Employees shall vest in their Plan benefits as provided in Section 3.8
&#32;&#32;The Internal Revenue Code of 1986
&#32;&#32;Either of the Committees designated in Article 5
&#32;&#32;McCormick &amp; Company
 Incorporated
An Employee&#8217;s Separation from Service as a result of
 and within a period of thirty (30) days after the occurrence of
Re-assignment of the Employee to a position which is at a substantially lower level in the organizational structure than his previous position
 as defined by any one or a combination of the following factors: reporting relationship
 compensation compared to others in the organization
 and authority
Substantial diminution in the Employee&#8217;s authority
 duties or responsibilities
 or the assignment of duties and responsibilities which are unsuitable for an individual having the position
Substantial reduction in the Employee&#8217;s total compensation (including salary
 bonus opportunity
 deferred compensation
 stock options
Any failure by the Company to require any successor (whether direct or indirect
 by purchase
 merger
&#32;&#32;&#8220;Totally and Permanently Disabled&#8221; within the meaning of the Company&#8217;s long-term disability plan
&#32;&#32;The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974
An Employee&#8217;s benefit under the Plan
 to the extent that such benefit was earned and vested (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) before January 1
&#32;&#32;A contract between an Employee and the Company
&#32;The McCormick Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan
 as amended and restated as of January 1
&#32;&#32;The McCormick Supplemental Executive Retirement Trust or such other trust as may be established by a member of the Affiliated Group to fund benefits under this Plan.  The Plan
 notwithstanding the creation of the Trust
For purposes of the Plan
 unless the contrary is clearly indicated by the context
the use of the masculine gender shall also include within it meaning the feminine and vice versa
the use of the singular shall also include within its meaning the plural and vice versa
&#32;&#32;Eligibility
An Employee shall only be eligible for coverage under this Plan if such Employee has reached age 50 and is a senior executive in a management position
 and Employee&#8217;s benefit under the Pension Plan is reduced by Section 401(a)(17) or Section 415 of the Code .  An Employee shall only be eligible for a Program under Section 3.3
 Section 3.4
 Section 3.5
In selecting an Employee for coverage under the Plan
 the Committee shall specify whether the amount of the Employee&#8217;s benefit under the Plan shall be determined under the &#8220;Senior Executive Program&#8221; as provided in Section 3.3
 the &#8220;Executive Program&#8221; as provided in Section 3.4
 the &#8220;Foreign Service Senior Executive Program&#8221; as provided in   Section 3.5
 &#8220;Management Program&#8221; as provided in Section 3.6 of the Plan
 or a &#8220;Special Program&#8221; as provided in Section 3.7 of the Plan (each such benefit
 a &#8220;Program&#8221;)
 and such selection shall be evidenced by a Participation Agreement.  For the avoidance of doubt
For purposes of calculating an Employee&#8217;s benefit under this Article 3
 the fact that the Employee would not be able to commence payment under the Pension Plan (or a pension or retirement plan provided by a subsidiary or affiliate of the Company located outside the United States which formerly employed the Employee) on the Benefit Commencement Date because he would not yet have reached a certain age on the Benefit Commencement Date shall be disregarded.  In such circumstances
For purposes of calculating an Employee&#8217;s benefit under Sections 3.3
 3.4
 or 3.5
Employees Who Participated in Pension Plan Before December 1
For an Employee who has been selected by the Committee to receive benefits under the Senior Executive Program set forth in this Section 3.3 and who participated in the Pension Plan at any time before December 1
 2001
The Employee&#8217;s benefit that would have been payable under the Pension Plan on the Benefit Commencement Date in the single life annuity form of payment
 disregarding the limitations of Sections 415 and 401(a)(17) of the Code as they may be implemented in the Pension Plan
 calculated as if he had attained an adjusted retirement age on the Benefit Commencement Date
The adjusted retirement age will be the Employee&#8217;s actual attained age on the Benefit Commencement Date increased by one month for each month of service after age 55 during which the Employee participated in the Plan.  However
In the benefit calculation
 credited service and average monthly earnings will be determined to the adjusted retirement age
Employees Who Did Not Participate in Pension Plan Before December 1
For an Employee who has been selected by the Committee to receive benefits under the Senior Executive Program set forth in this Section 3.3 and who did not participate in the Pension Plan at any time before December 1
 2001
 the benefit shall be equal to the amount described in subparagraph (1) minus the amount described in subparagraph (2)
The Employee&#8217;s benefit that would have been payable under the Pension Plan on the Benefit Commencement Date in the single life annuity form of payment
 disregarding the limitations of Sections 415 and 401(a)(17) of the Code as they may be implemented in the Pension Plan
 calculated as if he had attained an adjusted retirement age on the Benefit Commencement Date
The adjusted retirement age will be the Employee&#8217;s actual attained age on the Benefit Commencement Date increased by one month for each month of service after age 55 during which the Employee participated in the Plan.  However
In the benefit calculation
 credited service and average monthly earnings will be determined to the adjusted retirement age
If the Employee was in compensation tier D at the time of his Benefit Trigger
 the multiplier shall be 1.4; if the Employee was in compensation tier C or higher at the time of his Benefit Trigger
 the multiplier shall be 1.5; provided
 however
Employees Who Participated in Pension Plan Before December 1
For an Employee who has been selected by the Committee to receive benefits under the Executive Program set forth in this Section 3.4 and who participated in the Pension Plan at any time before December 1
 2001
The Employee&#8217;s benefit that would have been payable under the Pension Plan on the Benefit Commencement Date in the single life annuity form of payment
 disregarding the limitations of Sections 415 and 401(a)(17) of the Code as they may be implemented in the Pension Plan
Employees Who Did Not Participate in Pension Plan Before December 1
For an Employee who has been selected by the Committee to receive benefits under the Executive Program set forth in this Section 3.4 and who did not participate in the Pension Plan at any time before December 1
 2001
 the benefit shall be equal to the amount described in subparagraph (1) minus the amount described in subparagraph (2)
The Employee&#8217;s benefit that would have been payable under the Pension Plan on the Benefit Commencement Date in the single life annuity form of payment
If the Employee was in compensation tier D at the time of his Benefit Trigger
 the multiplier shall be 1.4; if the Employee was in compensation tier C or higher at the time of his Benefit Trigger
For an Employee who has been selected by the Committee to receive benefits under the Foreign Service Senior Executive Program set forth in this Section 3.5 and who participated in the Pension Plan at any time before December 1
 2001
 and so long as such Employee (i)&#160;on the date of his Benefit Trigger is working in the United States for a member of the Affiliated Group
 and (ii) has worked in the United States for at least three years at a member of the Affiliated Group
The Employee&#8217;s benefit that would have been payable under the Pension Plan on the Benefit Commencement Date in the single life annuity form of payment
 including in such calculation all periods of service by the Employee with any subsidiary or affiliate of the Company located outside the United States
 and disregarding the limitations of Sections 415 and 401(a)(17) of the Code as they may be implemented in the Pension Plan
 calculated as if he had attained an adjusted retirement age on the Benefit Commencement Date
The adjusted retirement age will be the Employee&#8217;s actual attained age on the Benefit Commencement Date increased by one month for each month of service after age 55 during which the Employee participated in the Plan.  However
In the benefit calculation
 credited service and average monthly earnings will be determined to the adjusted retirement age
For an Employee who has met the eligibility criteria to receive benefits set forth in Section 3.1 but has not been selected by the Committee to receive a benefit under any specific Program under the Plan
The benefit that would have been payable under the Pension Plan on the Benefit Commencement Date in the single life annuity form of payment
For an Employee who has been selected by the Committee to receive benefits under the Special Program set forth in this Section 3.7
the date immediately preceding the date of such Employee&#8217;s Separation from Service as a result of death
If the Employee&#8217;s Benefit Trigger is his Disability or his Separation from Service and he is married on the Benefit Commencement Date
If the Employee&#8217;s Benefit Trigger is his Disability or his Separation from Service and he is unmarried on the Benefit Commencement Date
If the Employee&#8217;s Benefit Trigger is a Change in Control Event
If an Employee&#8217;s benefit on his Benefit Commencement Date would be the actuarial equivalent of a lump sum payment of less than the limit set forth in Section 402(g) of the Code ($15
500 in 2008)
a 50%
 66 and 2/3%
an annuity described in Section 4.3(a)(1) or (2) with guaranteed payments for the first 5
 10
any other form of payment permitted by the Committee that would be treated as an actuarially equivalent life annuity within the meaning of Treas. Reg. &#167; 1.409A-2(b)(2)(ii)(B); and
to the extent required by Section 4.2
Except to the extent that a different time of payment is elected pursuant to Section 4.5
 if the Employee&#8217;s Benefit Trigger is his Separation from Service
Except as provided in Section 4.4(a)(2)
Any payments otherwise due during the six-month period immediately following the Employee&#8217;s Separation from Service shall be paid on the first business day that occurs six months following the Employee&#8217;s Separation from Service (or
 if earlier
 the date of the Employee&#8217;s death).  During this six-month period
If an Employee&#8217;s Benefit Trigger is a Change in Control Event
Except to the extent that a different time of payment is elected pursuant to Section 4.5
 if an Employee&#8217;s Benefit Trigger is his Disability
Except as provided in Section 4.2
 before his Benefit Commencement Date
&#32;&#32;An Employee may file an election to change his time of payment upon a Separation from Service or Disability to an alternate time of payment permitted by the Committee or to change his form of payment upon a Separation from Service or Disability to a form of payment permitted under Section 4.3(a) that is not treated as an actuarially equivalent life annuity (within the meaning of Treas. Reg. &#167; 1.409A-2(b)(2)(ii)(B)) with respect to the form of benefit that he would have received under Section 4.1(a) or Section 4.1(b)
 provided that such change is made at the time and in the manner designated by the Committee
An Employee may file separate elections to change the time or form of payment for payments upon a Separation from Service and Disability.  For purposes of this Section 4.5(b)
 a series of installment payments over a period of five years or less shall be treated as a single payment
Upon the death of an Employee eligible for coverage under the Plan before the Employee&#8217;s Benefit Commencement Date
 the surviving spouse of such Employee
 if any
 shall be paid a benefit equal to 50% of the benefit the Employee would have been entitled to under the Plan had he experienced a Separation from Service on the day immediately preceding his death.  If the Employee dies before age 55
 the surviving spouse&#8217;s benefit shall commence payment on the first day of the month following the date on which the Employee would have reached age 55
 and the surviving spouse&#8217;s benefit shall be calculated as if the Employee had reached age 55
 but based on the Employee&#8217;s actual compensation and years of service as of his date of death.  If death occurs after the Employee has begun to receive payment of his benefit under the Plan
 the beneficiary shall receive any benefit to which he is entitled under the form in which the benefit was being paid.  If the Employee is unmarried and has not yet commenced his or her benefit at the time of the Employee&#8217;s death
 the Employee&#8217;s beneficiaries
 heirs
This Plan shall be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors or the Management Committee of the Company
 as the case may be.  The Compensation Committee reviews and approves the participation and benefits for the Company&#8217;s &#8220;executive officers
&#8221; as defined in the rules promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
The Committee shall have the discretion and authority to (a) make
 amend
 interpret
any and all questions including interpretations of this Plan and facts that are relevant to the administration of the Plan
 as may arise in connection with the Plan.  Any individual serving on the Committee who is a participant shall not vote or act on any matter relating solely to himself or herself.  When making a determination or calculation
 the Committee shall be entitled to rely on information furnished by an Employee
In the administration of this Plan
 the Committee may
 from time to time
The decision or action of the Committee with respect to any question arising out of or in connection with the administration
The Company and each member of the Affiliated Group shall indemnify and hold harmless the members of the Committee
 and any employee to whom duties of the Committee may be delegated
 against any and all claims
 losses
 damages
 expenses or liabilities arising from any action or failure to act with respect to this Plan
 except in the case of willful misconduct by the Committee or any of its members or any such employee
To enable the Committee to perform its functions
 each member of the Affiliated Group shall supply full and timely information to the Committee on all matters relating to the compensation of its Employees
 the date and circumstances of the Disability
 death or Separation from Service of its Employees
Any actions taken hereunder
 including any valuation of the amount
 or designation of a recipient
 or any payment to be made hereunder
Any Employee or beneficiary of a deceased Employee (such Employee or beneficiary being referred to below as a &#8220;Claimant&#8221;) may deliver to the Committee a written claim for a determination with respect to the amounts distributable to such Claimant from the Plan.  If such a claim relates to the contents of a notice received by the Claimant
that the Claimant&#8217;s requested determination has been made
that the Committee has reached a conclusion contrary
 in whole or in part
 to the Claimant&#8217;s requested determination
 and in that event
the specific reason(s) for the denial of the claim
a description of any additional material or information necessary for the Claimant to perfect the claim
an explanation of the review procedures and the time limits applicable to such procedures
Any such notice shall be provided within 90 days after receipt of the claim by the Plan
Within sixty (60) days after receiving a notice from the Committee that a claim has been denied
 in whole or in part
 a Claimant (or the Claimant&#8217;s duly authorized representative) may file with the Committee a written request for a review of the denial of the claim.  Thereafter
 but not later than thirty (30) days after the review procedure began
may review and request copies of pertinent documents
 records
may submit written comments
 documents
 records
 and other information relating to the claim for benefits (regardless of whether such comments
 documents
 records
may request a hearing
The Committee shall render its decision on review promptly
 and not later than sixty (60) days after the filing of a written request for review of the denial
 unless a hearing is held or other special circumstances require additional time
 in which case the Committee&#8217;s decision must be rendered within one hundred twenty (120) days after such date.  The Claimant will receive written notification if any extension beyond the original sixty (60) days is necessary.  Such decision must be written in a manner calculated to be understood by the Claimant
a statement that the Claimant is entitled to receive
 upon request and free of charge
 reasonable access to
 and copies  of
 all documents
 records
If an Employee or beneficiary believes he or she is entitled to benefits but has not received them
 the Employee or beneficiary must accept any payment made under the Plan and make prompt and reasonable
 good faith efforts to collect the remaining portion of the payment
 as determined under section&#160;1.409A-3(g) of the Treasury Regulations.  For this purpose (and as determined under such regulation)
 efforts to collect the payment will be presumed not to be prompt
 reasonable
 good faith efforts
Code
 and unless
 if not paid
The Company may
 at any time
 amend or modify the Plan in whole or in part; provided that (a)&#160;no amendment or modification shall decrease or restrict the value of an Employee&#8217;s benefit in existence at the time the amendment or modification is made
 calculated as if the Employee had experienced a Separation from Service as of the effective date of the amendment or modification
 and (b) after a Change in Control
 no amendment or modification shall adversely affect the vesting
 calculation or payment of benefits hereunder to any Employee or beneficiary or diminish any other rights or protections any Employee or beneficiary would have had
 but for such amendment or modification
While the Company intends to maintain this Plan for as long as necessary
 the Company reserves the right to terminate it at any time for whatever reason it may deem appropriate
 subject to the requirements of Section 7.1 that apply with respect to any amendment to terminate the Plan.  In the event of the termination of the Plan (and any other plan required to be aggregated with this Plan pursuant to Section 409A of the Code)
 the Company may
 in its discretion
 elect to distribute to each Employee the full amount of his benefit under the Plan in a lump sum no earlier than the 13th month and no later than the 24th month after the termination of the Plan
If a Change in Control Event occurs that results in the payment of benefits to Employees
 then the Plan shall terminate automatically immediately following the payment of such benefits
Notwithstanding Section 7.1
If the Company determines that any provision of the Plan is or might be inconsistent with the restrictions imposed by Section 409A of the Code
Nothing contained in this Plan and no action taken pursuant to the provisions of this Plan shall create or be construed to create a trust of any kind
Upon a Change in Control
 (a) if it has not done so already
 the Company shall establish a Trust
The provisions of the Plan and the Participation Agreement shall govern the rights of an Employee to receive distributions pursuant to the Plan.  The provisions of the Trust shall govern the rights of the members of the Affiliated Group
The obligations of each member of the Affiliated Group under the Plan may be satisfied with Trust assets distributed pursuant to the terms of the Trust
Employees and their beneficiaries
 heirs
 successors and assigns shall have no legal or equitable rights
 interests or claims in any property or assets of the Company or a member of the Affiliated Group or in any property or assets held in a Trust maintained with respect to the Plan.  For purposes of the payment of benefits under this Plan
 any and all of the assets of the Company and each member of the Affiliated Group
 shall be
 and shall remain
 the general
 unpledged unrestricted assets of the Company or member of the Affiliated Group.  Any employer&#8217;s obligation under the Plan shall be merely that of an unfunded and unsecured promise to pay money in the future.  To the extent that any person acquires a right to receive payments from the Company under this Plan
Neither an Employee nor any other person shall have any right to commute
 sell
 assign
 transfer
 pledge
 anticipate
 mortgage or otherwise encumber
 transfer
 hypothecate
 alienate or convey in actual receipt
 the amount
 if any
 payable hereunder
 or any part thereof
 which are
 and all rights to which are expressly declared to be
 unassignable and non-transferable.  Except as required by law or by a &#8220;qualified domestic relations order&#8221; (as defined in Section 414(p)(1)(B) of the Code) that can be construed and executed in a manner consistent with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code
 no part of the amounts payable shall
 prior to actual payment
 be subject to seizure
 attachment
 garnishment or sequestration for the payment of any debts
 judgments
 alimony or separate maintenance owed by an Employee or any other person
The terms and conditions of this Plan and the Employee&#8217;s Participation Agreement shall not be deemed to constitute a contract of employment between any member of the Affiliated Group and the Employee.  Such employment is hereby acknowledged to be an &#8220;at will&#8221; employment relationship that can be terminated at any time for any reason
 or no reason
 with or without cause
 and with or without notice
Each Employee and beneficiary shall cooperate with the Committee by furnishing any and all information requested by the Committee and take such other actions as may be requested in order to facilitate the administration of the Plan and the payments of benefits hereunder
The provisions of this Plan shall be construed and interpreted according to ERISA and the internal laws of the State of Maryland without regard to its conflicts of laws principles
Any notice or filing required or permitted to be given to the Committee under this Plan shall be sufficient if in writing and hand-delivered
 or sent by registered or certified mail
McCormick &amp; Company
Sparks
Such notice shall be deemed given as of the date of delivery or
 if delivery is made by mail
Any notice or filing required or permitted to be given to an Employee under this Plan shall be sufficient if in writing and hand-delivered
 or sent by mail
The provisions of this Plan shall bind and inure to the benefit of the Employee&#8217;s employer and its successors and assigns
 the Employee
If any provision of the Plan shall be held unlawful or otherwise invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part
 the unlawfulness
 invalidity
 or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of the Plan
If the Committee shall find that any person to whom any amount is payable under this Plan is unable to care for his affairs because of illness or accident
 or is a minor
 any payment due (unless a prior claim therefor shall have been made by a duly appointed guardian
 committee or other legal representative) may be paid to the spouse
 a child
 a parent
 or a brother or sister
 or to any person deemed by the Committee to have incurred expense for such person otherwise entitled to payment
 in such manner and proportions as the Committee may determine.  The Committee may require proof of minority
 incompetence
 incapacity or guardianship
The Company and members of the Affiliated Group
 on their own behalf or on behalf of the trustee of the Trust
 and
 in their sole discretion
 may apply for and procure insurance on the life of the Employee
 in such amounts and in such forms as the Company may choose.  The employers or the trustee of the Trust
 as the case may be
 shall be the sole owner and beneficiary of any such insurance.  The Employee shall have no interest whatsoever in any such policy or policies
No provision in the Plan shall be interpreted or construed to (a) create any liability for the Company or an employer related to a failure to comply with Section 409A of the Code or (b) transfer any liability for a failure to comply with Section 409A of the Code from an Employee
 an Employee&#8217;s spouse
 beneficiary
The benefits provided for an Employee and Employee&#8217;s beneficiary under the Plan are in addition to any other benefits available to such Employee under any other plan or program for employees of the Employee&#8217;s employer.  The Plan shall supplement and shall not supersede
The terms of the Plan in effect on December 31
 2004 are attached as Appendix A.  Appendix A applies to an Employee&#8217;s Grandfathered Benefits.  To the extent that an Employee&#8217;s benefit under the Plan was earned and vested after December 31
 2004
 it is subject to the provisions of the Plan as amended and restated effective January 1
 2005 and any subsequent amendments and restatements of the Plan.  The purpose of Appendix A is to preserve the terms of the Plan that govern an Employee&#8217;s Grandfathered Benefits
 and to prevent any Grandfathered Benefits from becoming subject to Section 409A of the Code.  No amendment to the Plan
 including this Appendix A
 which would constitute a &#8220;material modification&#8221; for purposes of Section 409A
 shall be effective unless the amending instrument specifically provides that it is intended to materially modify the terms of this Appendix A and to cause the Grandfathered Benefits to become subject to Section 409A of the Code.
 this Plan document has been executed on behalf of the Company as of November 25
ATTEST:&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;McCORMICK &amp; COMPANY
Amended and Restated Effective January 1
(for certain senior executives hired before November 30
This agreement is made as of the ___ day of __________
 _____
 by and between McCormick &amp; Company
 Incorporated
 a corporation organized under the laws of the state of Maryland (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) and _________
WHEREAS
 the Company sponsors the McCormick Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (the &#8220;Plan&#8221;)
 which provides non-qualified retirement benefits to certain employees of the Company and its subsidiaries and has been restated effective January 1
WHEREAS
 the Company desires to enter into an agreement with respect to your participation in the Plan
NOW
 THEREFORE
You are eligible for a benefit under the Senior Executive Program.  Your benefit shall equal the amount described in Section I(A) minus the amount described in Section I(B)
 calculated in accordance with the provisions of Sections I(C) and I(D)
The benefit that would have been payable under the Pension Plan on your Benefit Commencement Date in the single life annuity form of payment
 disregarding the limitations of Sections 415 and 401(a)(17) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended (the &#8220;Code&#8221;) as they may be implemented in the Pension Plan
 calculated as if you had attained an adjusted retirement age on the Benefit Commencement Date
The adjusted retirement age will be your actual attained age on the Benefit Commencement Date increased by one month for each month of service after age 55 during which you participated in the Plan.  However
In the benefit calculation
 credited service and average monthly earnings will be determined to the adjusted retirement age
For purposes of calculating your benefit
 the fact that you would not be able to commence payment under the Pension Plan on the Benefit Commencement Date because you would not yet have reached a certain age on the Benefit Commencement Date shall be disregarded.  In such circumstances
For purposes of calculating your benefit
Your rights in your benefit under the Plan shall be deemed to vest and become nonforfeitable upon the earliest of: (1) the date on which you reach age 55; (2)&#160;the date of a Change in Control; (3) the date on which you become Disabled; or  (4) the date immediately preceding the date of your Separation from Service as a result of death
Your &#8220;Benefit Trigger&#8221; is the earliest to occur of (1) a Change in Control Event
 (2) your Disability
Except to the extent you elect a different time of payment as may be permitted by the Plan and the Committee
 if your Benefit Trigger is your Separation from Service
Except as provided in Section II(B)(2) below
Any payments otherwise due during the six-month period immediately following your Separation from Service shall be paid on the first business day that occurs six months following your Separation from Service (or
 if earlier
 the date of your death).  During this six-month period
If your Benefit Trigger is a Change in Control Event
Except to the extent you elect a different time of payment as may be permitted by the Plan
 if your Benefit Trigger is your Disability
If your Benefit Trigger is your Disability or your Separation from Service and you are married on the Benefit Commencement Date
If your Benefit Trigger is your Disability or your Separation from Service and you are unmarried on the Benefit Commencement Date
If your Benefit Trigger is a Change in Control Event
If your benefit on your Benefit Commencement Date would be the actuarial equivalent of a lump sum payment of less than the limit set forth in Section 402(g) of the Code ($15
500 in 2008)
Except as provided in Section III(B)
actuarially equivalent forms (to the extent permitted under The McCormick Pension Plan at the time your benefit commences): (1) a single life annuity; (2) a 50%
 66 and 2/3%
 75% or 100% joint and survivor annuity; (3) an annuity described in Section III(C)(1) or (2) with guaranteed payments for the first 5
 10
Upon your death before your Benefit Commencement Date
 your surviving spouse
 if any
 shall be paid a benefit equal to 50% of the benefit you would have been entitled to under the Plan had you experienced a Separation from Service on the day immediately preceding your death.  If you die before age 55
 the surviving spouse&#8217;s benefit shall commence payment on the first day of the month following the date on which you would have reached age 55
 and the surviving spouse&#8217;s benefit shall be calculated as if you had reached age 55
 but based on your actual compensation and years of service as of your date of death.  If death occurs after you have begun to receive payment of your benefit under the Plan
 the beneficiary shall receive any benefit to which you are entitled under the form in which the benefit was being paid.  If you are unmarried and have not yet commenced your benefit at the time of your death
 your beneficiaries
 heirs
The Company may
 at any time
 amend or modify the Plan in whole or in part; provided that (1)&#160;no amendment or modification shall decrease or restrict the value of your benefit in existence at the time the amendment or modification is made
 calculated as if you had experienced a Separation from Service as of the effective date of the amendment or modification
 and (2) after a Change in Control
 no amendment or modification shall adversely affect the vesting
 calculation or payment of benefits hereunder to you or your beneficiary or diminish any other rights or protections you or your beneficiary would have had
 but for such amendment or modification
While the Company intends to maintain the Plan for as long as necessary
 the Company reserves the right to terminate it at any time for whatever reasons it may deem appropriate
 subject to the requirements of subsection (V)(A) that apply with respect to any amendment to terminate the Plan.  In the event of the termination of the Plan (and any other plan required to be aggregated with this Plan pursuant to Section 409A of the Code)
 the Company may
 in its discretion
If a Change in Control Event occurs that results in the payment of benefits to you
 then the Plan shall terminate automatically immediately following the payment of such benefits
If the Company determines that any provision of the Plan is or might be inconsistent with the restrictions imposed by Section 409A of the Code
The terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement shall not be deemed to constitute a contract of employment between you and the Company or any of its subsidiaries.  Such employment is hereby acknowledged to be an &#8220;at will&#8221; employment relationship that can be terminated at any time for any reason
 or no reason
 with or without cause
 and with or without notice
 except as otherwise provided in a written employment agreement.  Nothing in the Plan
 this Agreement
The Committee shall have the discretion and authority to (1) make
 amend
 interpret
 and enforce all appropriate rules and regulations for the administration of the Plan and (2)&#160;decide or resolve any and all questions including interpretations of the Plan and facts that are relevant to the administration of the Plan
This Agreement shall not confer any rights or privileges on you greater than those provided under the Plan.  This Agreement is subject to the terms and provisions of the Plan and
 in the event of any conflict between the provisions of the Plan and this Agreement
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company
 its subsidiaries
 successors
 and assigns and you and your heirs
 executors
 administrators
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 the Company have caused this Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized officers
 and you have hereunto set your hand
McCORMICK &amp; COMPANY
Chairman
Vice President
(for certain senior executives hired after November 30
This agreement is made as of the ___ day of ________
 20__
 by and between McCormick &amp; Company
 Incorporated
 a corporation organized under the laws of the state of Maryland (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) and _________________
WHEREAS
 the Company sponsors the McCormick Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (the &#8220;Plan&#8221;)
 which provides non-qualified retirement benefits to certain employees of the Company and its subsidiaries and has been restated effective January 1
WHEREAS
 the Company desires to enter into an agreement with respect to your participation in the Plan
NOW
 THEREFORE
You are eligible for a benefit under the Senior Executive Program.  Your benefit shall equal the amount described in Section I(A) multiplied by the amount in Section I(C)
 minus the amount described in Section I(B)
The benefit that would have been payable under the Pension Plan on your Benefit Commencement Date in the single life annuity form of payment
 disregarding the limitations of Sections 415 and 401(a)(17) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended (the &#8220;Code&#8221;) as they may be implemented in the Pension Plan
 calculated as if you had attained an adjusted retirement age on the Benefit Commencement Date
The adjusted retirement age will be your actual attained age on the Benefit Commencement Date increased by one month for each month of service after age 55 during which you participated in the Plan.  However
In the benefit calculation
 credited service and average monthly earnings will be determined to the adjusted retirement age
If you are in compensation tier D at the time of your Benefit Trigger
 the multiplier shall be 1.4; if you are in compensation tier C or higher at the time of your Benefit Trigger
For purposes of calculating your benefit
 the fact that you would not be able to commence payment under the Pension Plan on the Benefit Commencement Date because you would not yet have reached a certain age on the Benefit Commencement Date shall be disregarded.  In such circumstances
Your rights in your benefit under the Plan shall be deemed to vest and become nonforfeitable upon the earliest of: (1) the date on which you reach age 55; (2)&#160;the date of a Change in Control; (3) the date on which you become Disabled or (4) the date immediately preceding the date of your Separation from Service as a result of death
Your &#8220;Benefit Trigger&#8221; is the earliest to occur of (1) a Change in Control Event
 (2) your Disability
Except to the extent you elect a different time of payment as may be permitted by the Plan and the Committee
 if your Benefit Trigger is your Separation from Service
Except as provided in Section II(B)(2) below
Any payments otherwise due during the six-month period immediately following your Separation from Service shall be paid on the first business day that occurs six months following your Separation from Service (or
 if earlier
 the date of your death).  During this six-month period
If your Benefit Trigger is a Change in Control Event
Except to the extent you elect a different time of payment as may be permitted by the Plan
 if your Benefit Trigger is your Disability
If your Benefit Trigger is your Disability or your Separation from Service and you are married on the Benefit Commencement Date
If your Benefit Trigger is your Disability or your Separation from Service and you are unmarried on the Benefit Commencement Date
If your Benefit Trigger is a Change in Control Event
If your benefit on your Benefit Commencement Date would be the actuarial equivalent of a lump sum payment of less than the limit set forth in Section 402(g) of the Code ($15
500 in 2008)
Except as provided in Section III(B)
single life annuity; (2) a 50%
 66 and 2/3%
 75% or 100% joint and survivor annuity; (3) an annuity described in Section III(C)(1) or (2) with guaranteed payments for the first 5
 10
Upon your death before your Benefit Commencement Date
 your surviving spouse
 if any
 shall be paid a benefit equal to 50% of the benefit you would have been entitled to under the Plan had you experienced a Separation from Service on the day immediately preceding your death.  If you die before age 55
 the surviving spouse&#8217;s benefit shall commence payment on the first day of the month following the date on which you would have reached age 55
 and the surviving spouse&#8217;s benefit shall be calculated as if you had reached age 55
 but based on your actual compensation and years of service as of your date of death.  If death occurs after you have begun to receive payment of your benefit under the Plan
 the beneficiary shall receive any benefit to which you are entitled under the form in which the benefit was being paid.  If you are unmarried and have not yet commenced your benefit at the time of your death
 your beneficiaries
 heirs
The Company may
 at any time
 amend or modify the Plan in whole or in part; provided that (1)&#160;no amendment or modification shall decrease or restrict the value of your benefit in existence at the time the amendment or modification is made
 calculated as if you had experienced a Separation from Service as of the effective date of the amendment or modification
 and (2) after a Change in Control
 no amendment or modification shall adversely affect the vesting
 calculation or payment of benefits hereunder to you or your beneficiary or diminish any other rights or protections you or your beneficiary would have had
 but for such amendment or modification
While the Company intends to maintain the Plan for as long as necessary
 the Company reserves the right to terminate it at any time for whatever reasons it may deem appropriate
 subject to the requirements of subsection (V)(A) that apply with respect to any amendment to terminate the Plan.  In the event of the termination of the Plan (and any other plan required to be aggregated with this Plan pursuant to Section 409A of the Code)
 the Company may
 in its discretion
If a Change in Control Event occurs that results in the payment of benefits to you
 then the Plan shall terminate automatically immediately following the payment of such benefits
If the Company determines that any provision of the Plan is or might be inconsistent with the restrictions imposed by Section 409A of the Code
The terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement shall not be deemed to constitute a contract of employment between you and the Company or any of its subsidiaries.  Such employment is hereby acknowledged to be an &#8220;at will&#8221; employment relationship that can be terminated at any time for any reason
 or no reason
 with or without cause
 and with or without notice
 except as otherwise provided in a written employment agreement.  Nothing in the Plan
 this Agreement
The Committee shall have the discretion and authority to (1) make
 amend
 interpret
 and enforce all appropriate rules and regulations for the administration of the Plan and (2)&#160;decide or resolve any and all questions including interpretations of the Plan and facts that are relevant to the administration of the Plan
This Agreement shall not confer any rights or privileges on you greater than those provided under the Plan.  This Agreement is subject to the terms and provisions of the Plan and
 in the event of any conflict between the provisions of the Plan and this Agreement
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company
 its subsidiaries
 successors
 and assigns and you and your heirs
 executors
 administrators
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 the Company have caused this Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized officers
 and you have hereunto set your hand
McCORMICK &amp; COMPANY
Chairman
Vice President
(for certain executives hired before November 30
This agreement is made as of the ___ day of __________
 _____
 by and between McCormick &amp; Company
 Incorporated
 a corporation organized under the laws of the state of Maryland (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) and _________
WHEREAS
 the Company sponsors the McCormick Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (the &#8220;Plan&#8221;)
 which provides non-qualified retirement benefits to certain employees of the Company and its subsidiaries and has been restated effective January 1
WHEREAS
 the Company desires to enter into an agreement with respect to your participation in the Plan
NOW
 THEREFORE
You are eligible for a benefit under the Executive Program.  Your benefit shall equal the amount described in Section I(A) minus the amount described in Section I(B)
 calculated in accordance with the provisions of Sections I(C) and I(D)
The benefit that would have been payable under the Pension Plan on your Benefit Commencement Date in the single life annuity form of payment
 disregarding the limitations of Sections 415 and 401(a)(17) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
For purposes of calculating your benefit
circumstances
For purposes of calculating your benefit
Your rights in your benefit under the Plan shall be deemed to vest and become nonforfeitable upon the earliest of: (1) the date on which you reach age 55; (2)&#160;the date of a Change in Control; (3) the date on which you become Disabled
 or (4) the date immediately preceding the date of your Separation from Service as a result of death
Your &#8220;Benefit Trigger&#8221; is the earliest to occur of (1) a Change in Control Event
 (2) your Disability
Except to the extent you elect a different time of payment as may be permitted by the Plan and the Committee
 if your Benefit Trigger is your Separation from Service
Except as provided in Section II(B)(2) below
Any payments otherwise due during the six-month period immediately following your Separation from Service shall be paid on the first business day that occurs six months following your Separation from Service (or
 if earlier
 the date of your death).  During this six-month period
If your Benefit Trigger is a Change in Control Event
Except to the extent you elect a different time of payment as may be permitted by the Plan
 if your Benefit Trigger is your Disability
If your Benefit Trigger is your Disability or your Separation from Service and you are married on the Benefit Commencement Date
If your Benefit Trigger is your Disability or your Separation from Service and you are unmarried on the Benefit Commencement Date
If your Benefit Trigger is a Change in Control Event
If your benefit on your Benefit Commencement Date would be the actuarial equivalent of a lump sum payment of less than the limit set forth in Section 402(g) of the Code ($15
500 in 2008)
Except as provided in Section III(B)
 benefits under the Plan paid due to a Separation from Service or Disability may be payable in the following actuarially equivalent forms (to the extent permitted under The McCormick Pension Plan at the time your benefit commences): (1) a single life annuity; (2) a 50%
 66 and 2/3%
 75% or 100% joint and survivor annuity; (3) an annuity described in Section III(C)(1) or (2) with guaranteed payments for the first 5
 10
Upon your death before your Benefit Commencement Date
 your surviving spouse
 if any
 shall be paid a benefit equal to 50% of the benefit you would have been entitled to under the Plan had you experienced a Separation from Service on the day immediately preceding your death.  If you die before age 55
spouse&#8217;s benefit shall commence payment on the first day of the month following the date on which you would have reached age 55
 and the surviving spouse&#8217;s benefit shall be calculated as if you had reached age 55
 but based on your actual compensation and years of service as of your date of death.  If death occurs after you have begun to receive payment of your benefit under the Plan
 the beneficiary shall receive any benefit to which you are entitled under the form in which the benefit was being paid.  If you are unmarried and have not yet commenced your benefit at the time of your death
 your beneficiaries
 heirs
The Company may
 at any time
 amend or modify the Plan in whole or in part; provided that (1)&#160;no amendment or modification shall decrease or restrict the value of your benefit in existence at the time the amendment or modification is made
 calculated as if you had experienced a Separation from Service as of the effective date of the amendment or modification
 and (2) after a Change in Control
 no amendment or modification shall adversely affect the vesting
 calculation or payment of benefits hereunder to you or your beneficiary or diminish any other rights or protections you or your beneficiary would have had
 but for such amendment or modification
While the Company intends to maintain the Plan for as long as necessary
 the Company reserves the right to terminate it at any time for whatever reasons it may deem appropriate
 subject to the requirements of subsection (V)(A) that apply with respect to any amendment to terminate the Plan.  In the event of the termination of the Plan (and any other plan required to be aggregated with this Plan pursuant to Section 409A of the Code)
 the Company may
 in its discretion
If a Change in Control Event occurs that results in the payment of benefits to you
 then the Plan shall terminate automatically immediately following the payment of such benefits
If the Company determines that any provision of the Plan is or might be inconsistent with the restrictions imposed by Section 409A of the Code
The terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement shall not be deemed to constitute a contract of employment between you and the Company or any of its subsidiaries.  Such employment is hereby acknowledged to be an &#8220;at will&#8221; employment relationship that can be terminated at any time for any reason
 or no reason
 with or without cause
 and with or without notice
 except as otherwise provided in a written employment agreement.  Nothing in the Plan
 this Agreement
The Committee shall have the discretion and authority to (1) make
 amend
 interpret
 and enforce all appropriate rules and regulations for the administration of the Plan and (2)&#160;decide or resolve any and all questions including interpretations of the Plan and facts that are relevant to the administration of the Plan
This Agreement shall not confer any rights or privileges on you greater than those provided under the Plan.  This Agreement is subject to the terms and provisions of the Plan and
 in the event of any conflict between the provisions of the Plan and this Agreement
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company
 its subsidiaries
 successors
 and assigns and you and your heirs
 executors
 administrators
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 the Company have caused this Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized officers
 and you have hereunto set your hand
McCORMICK &amp; COMPANY
Chairman
Vice President
(for certain executives hired after November 30
This agreement is made as of the ___ day of ________
 20__
 by and between McCormick &amp; Company
 Incorporated
 a corporation organized under the laws of the state of Maryland (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) and _________________
WHEREAS
 the Company sponsors the McCormick Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (the &#8220;Plan&#8221;)
 which provides non-qualified retirement benefits to certain employees of the Company and its subsidiaries and has been restated effective January 1
WHEREAS
 the Company desires to enter into an agreement with respect to your participation in the Plan
NOW
 THEREFORE
You are eligible for a benefit under the Executive Program.  Your benefit shall equal the amount described in Section I(A) multiplied by the amount in Section I(C)
 minus the amount described in Section I(B)
The benefit that would have been payable under the Pension Plan on your Benefit Commencement Date in the single life annuity form of payment
 disregarding the limitations of Sections 415 and 401(a)(17) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
If you are in compensation tier D at the time of your Benefit Trigger
 the multiplier shall be 1.4; if you are in compensation tier C or higher at the time of your Benefit Trigger
For purposes of calculating your benefit
circumstances
Your rights in your benefit under the Plan shall be deemed to vest and become nonforfeitable upon the earliest of: (1) the date on which you reach age 55; (2)&#160;the date of a Change in Control; (3) the date on which you become Disabled or (4) the date immediately preceding the date of your Separation from Service as a result of death
Your &#8220;Benefit Trigger&#8221; is the earliest to occur of (1) a Change in Control Event
 (2) your Disability
Except to the extent you elect a different time of payment as may be permitted by the Plan and the Committee
 if your Benefit Trigger is your Separation from Service
Except as provided in Section II(B)(2) below
Any payments otherwise due during the six-month period immediately following your Separation from Service shall be paid on the first business day that occurs six months following your Separation from Service (or
 if earlier
 the date of your death).  During this six-month period
If your Benefit Trigger is a Change in Control Event
Except to the extent you elect a different time of payment as may be permitted by the Plan
 if your Benefit Trigger is your Disability
If your Benefit Trigger is your Disability or your Separation from Service and you are married on the Benefit Commencement Date
If your Benefit Trigger is your Disability or your Separation from Service and you are unmarried on the Benefit Commencement Date
If your Benefit Trigger is a Change in Control Event
If your benefit on your Benefit Commencement Date would be the actuarial equivalent of a lump sum payment of less than the limit set forth in Section 402(g) of the Code ($15
500 in 2008)
Except as provided in Section III(B)
 benefits under the Plan paid due to a Separation from Service or Disability may be payable in the following actuarially equivalent forms (to the extent permitted under The McCormick Pension Plan at the time your benefit commences): (1) a single life annuity; (2) a 50%
 66 and 2/3%
 75% or 100% joint and survivor annuity; (3) an annuity described in Section III(C)(1) or (2) with guaranteed payments for the first 5
 10
Upon your death before your Benefit Commencement Date
 your surviving spouse
 if any
 shall be paid a benefit equal to 50% of the benefit you would have been entitled to under the Plan had you experienced a Separation from Service on the day immediately preceding your death.  If you die before age 55
 the surviving spouse&#8217;s benefit shall commence payment on the first day of the month following the date on which you would have reached age 55
 and the surviving spouse&#8217;s benefit shall be calculated as if you had reached age 55
compensation and years of service as of your date of death.  If death occurs after you have begun to receive payment of your benefit under the Plan
 the beneficiary shall receive any benefit to which you are entitled under the form in which the benefit was being paid.  If you are unmarried and have not yet commenced your benefit at the time of your death
 your beneficiaries
 heirs
The Company may
 at any time
 amend or modify the Plan in whole or in part; provided that (1)&#160;no amendment or modification shall decrease or restrict the value of your benefit in existence at the time the amendment or modification is made
 calculated as if you had experienced a Separation from Service as of the effective date of the amendment or modification
 and (2) after a Change in Control
 no amendment or modification shall adversely affect the vesting
 calculation or payment of benefits hereunder to you or your beneficiary or diminish any other rights or protections you or your beneficiary would have had
 but for such amendment or modification
While the Company intends to maintain the Plan for as long as necessary
 the Company reserves the right to terminate it at any time for whatever reasons it may deem appropriate
 subject to the requirements of subsection (V)(A) that apply with respect to any amendment to terminate the Plan.  In the event of the termination of the Plan (and any other plan required to be aggregated with this Plan pursuant to Section 409A of the Code)
 the Company may
 in its discretion
If a Change in Control Event occurs that results in the payment of benefits to you
 then the Plan shall terminate automatically immediately following the payment of such benefits
If the Company determines that any provision of the Plan is or might be inconsistent with the restrictions imposed by Section 409A of the Code
The terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement shall not be deemed to constitute a contract of employment between you and the Company or any of its subsidiaries.  Such employment is hereby acknowledged to be an &#8220;at will&#8221; employment relationship that can be terminated at any time for any reason
 or no reason
 with or without cause
 and with or without notice
 except as otherwise provided in a written employment agreement.  Nothing in the Plan
 this Agreement
The Committee shall have the discretion and authority to (1) make
 amend
 interpret
 and enforce all appropriate rules and regulations for the administration of the Plan and (2)&#160;decide or resolve any and all questions including interpretations of the Plan and facts that are relevant to the administration of the Plan
This Agreement shall not confer any rights or privileges on you greater than those provided under the Plan.  This Agreement is subject to the terms and provisions of the Plan and
 in the event of any conflict between the provisions of the Plan and this Agreement
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company
 its subsidiaries
 successors
 and assigns and you and your heirs
 executors
 administrators
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 the Company have caused this Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized officers
 and you have hereunto set your hand
McCORMICK &amp; COMPANY
Chairman
Vice President
 General Counsel &amp; Secretary 














		


The following is a listing of Subsidiaries of McCormick including the name under which they do business and their jurisdictions of incorporation. Certain subsidiaries are not listed since
 considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary
 they would not constitute a significant subsidiary as of November&#160;30
McCormick de Centro America
McCormick Europe
McCormick France
Delaware
McCormick Pesa
Maryland
Delaware
Zatarain&#8217;s Brands
Delaware
 U.S.














		


We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements of McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
of our reports dated January&#160;29
 2015
 with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated
 and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated
 included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated for the year ended November&#160;30
Baltimore
January&#160;29
 2015 














		


I
 Alan D. Wilson
1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
2. Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
3. Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
5. The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
(b) Any fraud
 whether or not material
Date: January 29
 2015














		


I
 Gordon M. Stetz
1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
2. Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
3. Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
5. The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
(b) Any fraud
 whether or not material
Date: January&#160;29
/s/&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Gordon M. Stetz
Gordon M. Stetz
 Jr.














		


18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
In connection with the Annual Report of McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) on Form 10-K for the period ending November&#160;30
 2014
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 I
 Alan D. Wilson
 Chairman&#160;&amp; Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
Date: January 29
 2015














		


18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
In connection with the Annual Report of McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) on Form 10-K for the period ending November&#160;30
 2014
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 I
 Gordon M. Stetz
 Jr.
 Executive Vice President&#160;&amp; Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
/s/&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Gordon M. Stetz
Gordon M. Stetz
Date: January&#160;29
 2015



















			


			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			


			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			




			

				



			




			


			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			


			




			


			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			


			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			


			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			


			
			




			

				



			
			




			


			
			




			

				



			
			




			


			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			



		


		




				


				




		


		

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	




	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	



	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	



	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

 which are included in selling
 general and administrative expense in the income statement
 were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$226.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$207.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$198.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. Brand marketing support costs include advertising
 promotions and customer trade funds used for cooperative advertising. Promotion costs include public relations
 shopper marketing
 social marketing activities
 general consumer promotion activities and depreciation on assets used in these promotional activities. Advertising costs include the development
 production and communication of advertisements through television
 digital
 print and radio. Development and production costs are expensed in the period in which the advertisement is first run. All other costs of advertisement are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$100.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$85.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$86.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 within the fair value hierarchy as described in note 8
 pension plan assets at their fair value as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for the United States and international plans:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=52% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;As of November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;text-align:center;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;text-align:center;&gt;fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;text-align:center;&gt;value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;15.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;15.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Equity securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;U.S. equity securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;301.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;144.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;156.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;International equity securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(b)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;111.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;111.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Fixed income securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;U.S./government/ corporate bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(c)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;30.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;30.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;High yield bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(d)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;31.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;31.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;International/government/ corporate bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(e)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;25.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;25.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Insurance contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(f)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Other types of investments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Hedge funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(g)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;54.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;54.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Private equity funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(h)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;5.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;5.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Total investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;576.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;326.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;189.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;59.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=52% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;As of November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;International equity securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(b)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;172.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;172.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Fixed income securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;U.S./government/ corporate bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(c)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;108.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;108.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Insurance contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(f)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;23.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;23.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Total investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;305.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;304.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=52% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;As of November 30
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Total&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;fair&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;value&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;13.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;13.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Equity securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;U.S. equity securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;277.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;129.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;147.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;International equity securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(b)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;110.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;110.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fixed income securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;U.S./government/ corporate bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(c)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;72.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;72.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;High yield bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(d)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;29.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;29.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;International/government/ corporate bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(e)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;24.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;24.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Insurance contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(f)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other types of investments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Hedge funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(g)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;18.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;18.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Private equity funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(h)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Total investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;552.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;350.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;178.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;23.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=52% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;As of November 30



	

 we announced a reorganization in parts of the Europe
 Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region to further improve EMEA&amp;#8217;s profitability and process standardization while supporting its competitiveness and long-term growth. These actions include the closure of our current sales and distribution operations in The Netherlands
 with the transition to a third-party distributor model to continue to sell the Silvo&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;&amp;#174;&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; brand
 as well as actions intended to streamline selling
 general and administrative activities throughout EMEA
 including the centralization of certain shared service activity across parts of the region into Poland.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:13px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;In 2014
 we recorded &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of charges associated with this previously announced EMEA reorganization
 with &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; related to employee severance and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for other exit costs. For 2013
 we recorded &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$25.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of charges related to this reorganization. For both years
 these charges have been included on a separate line in the consolidated income statement. Of the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;&gt;$25.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of special charges recognized in 2013
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;&gt;$15.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; related to employee severance
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;&gt;$6.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; to asset write-downs
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;&gt;$2.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; to other exit costs. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:13px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;These reorganization actions in the EMEA region are expected to generate annual cost savings of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$10 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; when completed in 2015. Total cash expenditures for the EMEA reorganization were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;&gt;$10.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; in 2014 and are expected to be approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;&gt;$10 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; in 2015. Of the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of special charges recognized with respect to this reorganization in 2014
 all have been recorded in the consumer business segment. Of the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$25.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of special charges recognized in 2013
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;&gt;$22.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; were recorded in the consumer business segment and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;&gt;$2.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; were recorded in the industrial business segment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:13px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$6.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; asset write-down included in the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$25.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; special charge for 2013 relates to an impairment charge for the reduction in the value of our Silvo brand name in The Netherlands. Our decision to transition to a third-party distributor model to continue to sell the Silvo brand led us to conclude an impairment indicator to the Silvo brand was present. We calculated the fair value of the Silvo brand using the relief-from-royalty method and determined that it was lower than its carrying value. Consequently
 we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$6.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; as part of the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$22.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; in special charges included in our consumer business segment during the fourth quarter of 2013. The carrying value of the Silvo brand name as of November 30
 2014 is not significant.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:13px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table outlines the major components of accrual balances relating to the special charges associated with this EMEA reorganization as of November 30
 2013 and November 30
 2014 (in millions):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:13px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:98.046875%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=42% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=20% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=15% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=15% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Employee severance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other exit costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance as of November 30
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;15.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;18.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Special charges&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amounts utilized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;(7.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;(10.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance as of November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;10.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;In 2014
 we continued to evaluate changes to our organizational structure to enable us to reduce fixed costs
 simplify or improve processes
 and improve our competitiveness. In addition to the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of special charges recognized in 2014 related to the previously announced EMEA reorganization
 we also undertook reorganization actions in the U.S. and Australian businesses in 2014 and recognized an additional &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of special charges
 consisting of the following:  (1) During the third quarter of 2014
 we recorded special charges in the amount of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 principally related to employee severance
 to realign certain manufacturing operations in the U.S. industrial business. Cash expenditures in 2014 associated with this action totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;. We expect that this action will be completed by 2015 and
 upon completion
 generate annual savings of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;. (2) During the fourth quarter of 2014
 we recorded special charges in the Australian business in the amount of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 all related to the consumer segment business
 consisting of employee severance and related expenses
 to streamline costs through the elimination of certain manufacturing and administrative positions. Cash expenditures in 2014 associated with this reorganization totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;. We expect that this reorganization will be completed in 2015 and
 upon completion
 generate annual savings of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;. (3) During the fourth quarter of 2014
 we recorded special charges of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 consisting of employee severance and related expenses
 to eliminate certain administrative positions in the U.S. business. Of the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; in special charges
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; related to the consumer business segment and industrial business segment
 respectively. Cash expenditures in 2014 associated with this action totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;. We expect that this action will be completed in 2015 and
 upon completion


 2013 and November 30
 2014 (in millions):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:13px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:98.046875%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=42% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=20% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=15% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=15% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Employee severance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other exit costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance as of November 30
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;15.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;18.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Special charges&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amounts utilized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;(7.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;(10.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance as of November 30


 balance sheet and cash flow information follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=70% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Finished products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;303.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;304.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Raw materials and work-in-process&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;410.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;372.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;713.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;676.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Prepaid expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;20.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;37.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;111.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;97.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;131.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;134.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Property


 balance sheet and cash flow information follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=70% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Finished products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;303.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;304.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Raw materials and work-in-process&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;410.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;372.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;713.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;676.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Prepaid expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;20.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;37.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;111.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;97.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;131.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;134.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Land and improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;57.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;59.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Buildings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;346.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;335.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;700.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;661.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Software&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;301.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;292.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Construction-in-progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;75.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;59.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(878.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(831.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;602.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;576.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Investments and other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Investments in affiliates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;156.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;160.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Long-term investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;113.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;103.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Prepaid allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;17.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;19.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;55.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;87.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;342.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;371.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Payroll and employee benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;132.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;120.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Sales allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;127.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;124.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;219.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;216.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;479.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;461.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other long-term liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Pension&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;182.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;101.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Postretirement benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;89.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;88.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Deferred taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;108.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;139.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Unrecognized tax benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;47.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;53.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;41.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;38.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;468.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;419.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:14pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:14pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=60% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;67.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;67.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;63.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Software amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;20.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;23.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;23.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Interest paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;50.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;54.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;54.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Income taxes paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;129.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;106.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;103.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Dividends paid per share were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 2013
 we completed the purchase of the assets of Wuhan Asia-Pacific Condiments Co. Ltd. (WAPC)
 a privately held company based in China
 for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$144.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 which included &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$142.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of cash paid
 net of closing adjustments
 and the assumption of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of liabilities. The acquisition was financed with a combination of cash and debt. WAPC manufactures and markets DaQiao and ChuShiLe brand bouillon products
 which have a leading position in the central region of China. WAPC is included in our consumer business segment from the date of acquisition. At the time of acquisition
 annual sales of WAPC were approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$122 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;.  During the second quarter of 2014
 we completed the final valuation of the assets of WAPC which resulted in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$26.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; allocated to tangible net assets
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$46.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; allocated to other intangible assets and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$71.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; allocated to goodwill. The completion of the final valuation did not result in material changes to our consolidated income statement or our consolidated balance sheet from our preliminary purchase price allocation. Goodwill related to the WAPC acquisition is not deductible for tax purposes. During the years ended November 30
 2013 and 2012
 we recorded &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$4.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 in transaction-related expenses associated with the WAPC acquisition in selling

	

 we are occasionally involved with various claims and litigation. Reserves are established in connection with such matters when a loss is probable and the amount of such loss can be reasonably estimated. At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 no material reserves were recorded. No reserves are established for losses which are only reasonably possible. The determination of probability and the estimation of the actual amount of any such loss is inherently unpredictable
 and it is therefore possible that the eventual outcome of such claims and litigation could exceed the estimated reserves
 if any. However


 net of tax where applicable (in millions):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:99.609375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=70% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Accumulated other comprehensive loss
 net of tax where applicable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Foreign currency translation adjustment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;32.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;165.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Unrealized gain (loss) on foreign currency exchange contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Unamortized value of settled interest rate swaps&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Pension and other postretirement costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(224.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(167.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(186.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table sets forth the amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and into consolidated net income for the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:97.8515625%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=46% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=8% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=8% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=8% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 rowspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Affected Line Items in the Consolidated Income Statement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Components&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Gains/ (losses) on cash flow hedges:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Interest rate derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Interest expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Foreign exchange contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Cost of goods sold&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Total before taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Tax effect&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Net
 after tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1.5px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1.5px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1.5px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1.5px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1.5px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1.5px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Amortization of pension and postretirement benefit adjustments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Amortization of prior service costs &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:7pt;&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(3.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;SG&amp;amp;A expense/         Cost of goods sold&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Amortization of net actuarial losses &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:7pt;&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;16.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;36.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;21.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;SG&amp;amp;A expense/              Cost of goods sold&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Total before taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;16.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;35.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;18.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Tax effect&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(5.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(12.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(6.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Net


 over which we exercise significant influence
 but not control
 are accounted for by the equity method. Accordingly


015.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
021.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Less current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
014.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
019.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-left:12px;text-align:left;padding-left:20px;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:20px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:-4px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;The fixed interest rate on &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$100 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt; of the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;5.20%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt; notes due in 2015 is effectively converted to a variable rate by interest rate swaps through 2015. Net interest payments are based on 3 month LIBOR minus &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;0.05%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt; during this period (our effective rate as of November&amp;#160;30
 2014 was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;0.19%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:20px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:-4px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Interest rate swaps
 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2007
 effectively fixed the interest rate on the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$250 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt; notes at a weighted-average fixed rate of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;6.25%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:20px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:-4px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Interest rate swaps
 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2011
 effectively fixed the interest rate on the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$250 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt; notes at a weighted-average fixed rate of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;4.01%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:20px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:-4px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(4)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Interest rate swaps
 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2013
 effectively fixed the interest rate on the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;font-style:normal;font-weight:normal;text-transform:default;&gt;$250 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt; notes at a weighted-average fixed rate of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;font-style:normal;font-weight:normal;text-transform:default;&gt;3.30%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Maturities of long-term debt during the fiscal years subsequent to November&amp;#160;30
 2014 are as follows (in millions):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=91% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;200.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;250.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;559.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;In August 2013
 we issued &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$250 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;3.50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; notes due 2023
 with net cash proceeds received of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$246.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Interest is payable semiannually in arrears in March and September of each year. Of these notes
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$175 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; were subject to interest rate hedges as further disclosed in note 7. The net proceeds from this offering
 plus cash on hand
 were used to pay off &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$250 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.25%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; notes that matured in September 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We have available credit facilities with domestic and foreign banks for various purposes. Some of these lines are committed lines and others are uncommitted lines and could be withdrawn at various times. In June 2011
 we entered into a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;five&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;-year &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$600 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; revolving credit facility
 which will expire in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;June 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The pricing for this credit facility
 on a fully drawn basis
 is LIBOR plus &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;0.875%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;. This credit facility supports our commercial paper program and we have &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$360.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of capacity at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 after &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$239.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; was used to support issued commercial paper. In addition
 we have several uncommitted lines which have a total unused capacity at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$125.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;. These lines by their nature can be withdrawn based on the lenders&amp;#8217; discretion. Committed credit facilities require a fee
 and annual commitment fees were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$0.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for 2014 and 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Rental expense under operating leases (primarily buildings and equipment) was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$40.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$37.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$32.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Future annual fixed rental payments for the years ending November&amp;#160;30 are as follows (in millions):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=92% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;23.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;17.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;13.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;11.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;8.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;17.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we had guarantees outstanding of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$0.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; with terms of one year or less. At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we had outstanding letters of credit&amp;#160;of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$8.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$61.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. These letters of credit typically act as a guarantee of payment to certain third parties in accordance with specified terms and conditions. The unused portion of our letter of credit facility was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$12.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;November 30


 including foreign currency and interest rate exposures
 which exist as part of our ongoing business operations. We do not enter into contracts for trading purposes
 nor are we a party to any leveraged derivative instrument and all derivatives are designated as hedges. We are not a party to master netting arrangements
 and we do not offset the fair value of derivative contracts with the same counterparty in our financial statement disclosures. The use of derivative financial instruments is monitored through regular communication with senior management and the use of written guidelines.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Foreign Currency&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We are potentially exposed to foreign currency fluctuations affecting net investments
 transactions and earnings denominated in foreign currencies. We selectively hedge the potential effect of these foreign currency fluctuations by entering into foreign currency exchange contracts with highly-rated financial institutions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Contracts which are designated as hedges of anticipated purchases denominated in a foreign currency (generally purchases of raw materials in U.S. dollars by operating units outside the U.S.) are considered cash flow hedges. The gains and losses on these contracts are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income until the hedged item is recognized in cost of goods sold
 at which time the net amount deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income is also recognized in cost of goods sold. Gains and losses from contracts which are designated as hedges of assets
 liabilities or firm commitments are recognized through income
 offsetting the change in fair value of the hedged item.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;At November 30
 2014
 we had foreign currency exchange contracts to purchase or sell &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$262.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of foreign currencies versus &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$204.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; at November 30
 2013. All of these contracts were designated as hedges of anticipated purchases denominated in a foreign currency or hedges of foreign currency denominated assets or liabilities. Hedge ineffectiveness was not material. At November 30
 2014
 we had &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$127.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of notional contracts that have durations of less than &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;seven&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; days that are used to hedge short-term cash flow funding. The remaining contracts have durations of one to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;twelve&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; months.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Interest Rates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We finance a portion of our operations with both fixed and variable rate debt instruments
 primarily commercial paper
 notes and bank loans. We utilize interest rate swap agreements to minimize worldwide financing costs and to achieve a desired mix of variable and fixed rate debt.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;In November 2012 and in April and August 2013
 we entered into a total of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$175 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of forward-starting interest rate swap and Treasury rate lock agreements to manage our interest rate risk associated with the anticipated issuance of fixed rate notes in August 2013. We cash settled all of these agreements
 which were designated as cash flow hedges
 for a gain of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$9.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; simultaneous with the issuance of the notes at an all-in effective fixed rate of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;3.30%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; on the full &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$250 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of debt. The gain on these agreements is deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income and will be amortized to reduce interest expense over the life of the notes. Hedge ineffectiveness of these agreements was not material.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;In March 2006
 we entered into interest rate swap contracts for a total notional amount of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$100 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; to receive interest at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;5.20%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and pay a variable rate of interest based on three-month LIBOR minus 0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;.05%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;. We designated these swaps
 which expire in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;December 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 as fair value hedges of the changes in fair value of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$100 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$200 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;5.20%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; medium-term notes due &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; that we issued in December 2005. Any unrealized gain or loss on these swaps will be offset by a corresponding increase or decrease in the value of the hedged debt. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;No&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; hedge ineffectiveness is recognized as the interest rate swaps qualify for the &amp;#8220;shortcut&amp;#8221; treatment as defined under U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following tables disclose the derivative instruments on our balance sheet as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 which are all recorded at fair value:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=22% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;As of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;November&amp;#160;30
 2014:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Asset Derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Liability Derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Balance&amp;#160;sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;location&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Notional&amp;#160;amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Fair&amp;#160;value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Balance&amp;#160;sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;location&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Notional&amp;#160;amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Fair&amp;#160;value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Interest rate contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Other&amp;#160;current&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;7.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Other&amp;#160;accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Foreign exchange contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;106.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;4.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Other&amp;#160;accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;156.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;12.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;As of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;November&amp;#160;30
 2013:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Asset Derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Liability Derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Balance&amp;#160;sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;location&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Notional&amp;#160;amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fair&amp;#160;value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Balance&amp;#160;sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;location&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Notional&amp;#160;amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fair&amp;#160;value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Interest rate contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other&amp;#160;current&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;12.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Foreign exchange contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;79.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other&amp;#160;accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;125.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;13.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following tables disclose the impact of derivative instruments on other comprehensive income (OCI)
 accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) and our income statement for the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=56% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Carrying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Carrying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Long-term investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;113.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;113.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;103.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;103.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
015.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
109.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
021.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
102.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Derivatives related to:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Interest rates (assets)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;7.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;7.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;12.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;12.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Foreign currency (assets)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Foreign currency (liabilities)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Because of their short-term nature
 the amounts reported in the balance sheet for cash and cash equivalents
 receivables
 short-term borrowings and trade accounts payable approximate fair value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Investments in affiliates are not readily marketable
 and it is not practicable to estimate their fair value. Long-term investments are comprised of fixed income and equity securities held on behalf of employees in certain employee benefit plans and are stated at fair value on the balance sheet. The cost of these investments was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$80.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$77.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Concentrations of Credit Risk&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We are potentially exposed to concentrations of credit risk with trade accounts receivable
 prepaid allowances and financial instruments. The customers of our consumer business are predominantly food retailers and food wholesalers. Consolidations in these industries have created larger customers. In addition
 competition has increased with the growth in alternative channels including mass merchandisers
 dollar stores
 warehouse clubs and discount chains. This has caused some customers to be less profitable and increased our exposure to credit risk. We have a large and diverse customer base and
 other than with respect to the two customers disclosed in note 16
 each of which accounted for greater than 10% of our consolidated sales
 there was no material concentration of credit risk in these accounts at November 30
 2014. At November 30
 2014


 stock options and company stock awarded as part of our long-term performance plan (LTPP) (formerly known as our mid-term incentive program or MTIP). Total stock-based compensation expense for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$18.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$18.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$20.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. Total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$18.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and the weighted-average period over which this will be recognized is &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;1.1 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;.  As of November 30
 2014
 we have &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares remaining available for future issuance under our RSUs
 stock option and LTPP award programs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;For all awards
 forfeiture rates are considered in the calculation of compensation expense.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Below we have summarized the key terms and the methods of valuation and expense recognition for each of our stock-based compensation awards.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;RSUs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;RSUs are valued at the market price of the underlying stock
 discounted by foregone dividends
 on the date of grant. Substantially all of the RSUs granted in 2014 vest over a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;three&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;-year term or upon retirement. Prior to 2014
 substantially all of the RSUs granted vested over a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;two&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;-year term or upon retirement. Compensation expense is recorded in the income statement ratably over the shorter of the period until vested or the employee's retirement eligibility date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;A summary of our RSU activity for the years ended November&amp;#160;30 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=37% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=8% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(shares in thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Weighted-&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;average&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;price&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Weighted-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Weighted-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;161&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;60.86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;49.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;233&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;43.23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;180&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;71.15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;89&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;71.60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;113&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;54.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(93&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;62.57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;50.91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;42.82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;70.14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;59.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;47.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Outstanding&amp;#8212;end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;239&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;67.60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;161&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;60.86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;49.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Stock Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Stock options are granted with an exercise price equal to the market price of the stock on the date of grant. Substantially all of the options granted in 2014 vested ratably over a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;three&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;-year period or upon retirement and are exercisable over a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;-year period. Prior to 2014
 substantially all of the options granted vest ratably over a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;four&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;-year period or upon retirement. Upon exercise of the option
 shares are issued from our authorized and unissued shares.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The fair value of the options is estimated with a lattice option pricing model which uses the assumptions in the table below. We believe the lattice model provides an appropriate estimate of fair value of our options as it allows for a range of possible outcomes over an option term and can be adjusted for changes in certain assumptions over time. Expected volatilities are based on the historical performance of our stock. We also use historical data to estimate the timing and amount of option exercises and forfeitures within the valuation model. The expected term of the options is an output of the option pricing model and estimates the period of time that options are expected to remain unexercised. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. Compensation expense is calculated based on the fair value of the options on the date of grant. This compensation is recorded in the income statement ratably over the shorter of the period until vested or the employee's retirement eligibility date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The per share weighted-average fair value for all options granted was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$9.48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$9.47&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$7.17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. These fair values were computed using the following range of assumptions for our various stock compensation plans for the years ended November&amp;#160;30:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=58% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Risk-free interest rates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.1 - 2.7%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.1 - 1.8%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.1 - 2.2%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Dividend yield&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Expected volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;15.6 - 20.1%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;14.5 - 20.6%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;16.5 - 21.6%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Expected lives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;5.8 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;6.2 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;6.1 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Under our stock option plans
 we may issue shares on a net basis at the request of the option holder. This occurs by netting the option cost in shares from the shares exercised.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;A summary of our stock option activity for the years ended November&amp;#160;30 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=39% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=8% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=8% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(shares in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Weighted-&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;average&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;exercise&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;price&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Weighted-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;exercise&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Weighted-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;exercise&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;47.73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;5.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;40.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;6.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;34.98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;71.12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;71.60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;54.27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;37.19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;34.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(2.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;31.43&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;67.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;57.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Outstanding&amp;#8212;end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;54.17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;47.73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;5.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;40.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Exercisable&amp;#8212;end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;45.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;39.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;34.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the intrinsic value (the difference between the exercise price and the market price) for all options currently outstanding was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$96.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and for options currently exercisable was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$81.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;. At November 30
 2014
 the differences between options outstanding and options expected to vest and their related weighted average exercise prices
 aggregate intrinsic values and weighted average remaining lives were not material. The total intrinsic value of all options exercised during the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$25.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$43.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$62.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. A summary of our stock options outstanding and exercisable at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30

	

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=48% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Fair&amp;#160;value&amp;#160;measurements&amp;#160;using&amp;#160;fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;value&amp;#160;hierarchy&amp;#160;as&amp;#160;of&amp;#160; November&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2014&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Fair&amp;#160;value&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;77.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;77.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Insurance contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;104.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;104.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Bonds&amp;#160;and other long-term investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;8.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;8.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Interest rate derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;7.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;7.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Foreign currency derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;4.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;4.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;202.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;85.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;116.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Foreign currency derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=48% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fair&amp;#160;value&amp;#160;measurements&amp;#160;using&amp;#160;fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;value&amp;#160;hierarchy&amp;#160;as&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;November&amp;#160;30


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=56% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Carrying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Carrying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Long-term investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;113.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;113.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;103.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;103.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
015.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
109.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
021.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1


 such as the market approach (comparable market prices)

 either directly or indirectly. These include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:20px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:-4px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Level 3:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; &amp;#160;&amp;#160;Unobservable inputs that reflect management&amp;#8217;s own assumptions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our population of assets and liabilities subject to fair value measurements on a recurring basis at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=48% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Fair&amp;#160;value&amp;#160;measurements&amp;#160;using&amp;#160;fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;value&amp;#160;hierarchy&amp;#160;as&amp;#160;of&amp;#160; November&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2014&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Fair&amp;#160;value&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;77.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;77.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Insurance contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;104.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;104.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Bonds&amp;#160;and other long-term investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;8.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;8.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Interest rate derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;7.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;7.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Foreign currency derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;4.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;4.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;202.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;85.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;116.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Foreign currency derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=48% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fair&amp;#160;value&amp;#160;measurements&amp;#160;using&amp;#160;fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;value&amp;#160;hierarchy&amp;#160;as&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;November&amp;#160;30


 if located outside of the U.S.
 with functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar
 asset and liability accounts are translated at the rates of exchange at the balance sheet date and the resultant translation adjustments are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 a separate component of shareholders&amp;#8217; equity. Income and expense items are translated at average monthly rates of exchange. Gains and losses from foreign currency transactions of these majority-owned or controlled subsidiaries and affiliates-that is
 transactions denominated in other than the functional currency-are included in net earnings.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our unconsolidated affiliates located outside the U.S. generally use their local currencies as their functional currencies. The asset and liability accounts of those unconsolidated affiliates
 and our investment in the net assets of those unconsolidated affiliates
 are translated at the rates of exchange at the balance sheet date and the resultant translation adjustments are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=53% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Gross&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;carrying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Accumulated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Gross&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;carrying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Accumulated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Finite-lived intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;94.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;34.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;93.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;30.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Indefinite-lived intangible assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
722.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
798.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Brand names and trademarks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;270.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;269.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
993.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2
068.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Total goodwill and intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2
087.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;34.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2
162.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;30.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intangible asset amortization expense was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$5.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$5.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$4.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 finite-lived intangible assets had a weighted-average remaining life of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; years.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by segment for the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=52% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Consumer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Industrial&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Consumer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Industrial&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
654.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;143.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
551.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;144.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Changes in purchase price allocation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(6.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Goodwill acquired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;77.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Foreign currency fluctuations and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(67.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(2.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;25.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;End of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
581.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;141.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1


 risk-adjusted discount rates
 assumed royalty rates
 future economic and market conditions and determination of appropriate market comparables. We base our fair value estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable but that are unpredictable and inherently uncertain. Actual future results may differ from these estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Goodwill Impairment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our reporting units used to assess potential goodwill impairment are the same as our business segments. We calculate fair value of a reporting unit by using a discounted cash flow model and then compare that to the carrying amount of the reporting unit
 including intangible assets and goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds the calculated fair value
 then we would determine the implied fair value of the reporting unit&amp;#8217;s goodwill. An impairment charge would be recognized to the extent the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Indefinite-lived Intangible Asset Impairment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of brand names and trademarks. We calculate fair value by using a relief-from-royalty method or discounted cash flow model and then compare that to the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset. If the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value
 an impairment charge would be recorded to the extent the recorded indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds the fair value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Long-lived Fixed Asset Impairment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fixed assets and amortizable intangible assets are reviewed for impairment as events or changes in circumstances occur indicating that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. Undiscounted cash flow analyses are used to determine if an impairment exists. If an impairment is determined to exist


 net of federal benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;International tax at different effective rates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(7.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(6.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(6.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;U.S. tax on remitted and unremitted earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;U.S. manufacturing deduction&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Changes in prior year tax contingencies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;26.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;26.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;26.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:24px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred tax assets and liabilities are comprised of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=70% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Employee benefit liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;145.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;110.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;23.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;23.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;10.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;11.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Tax loss and credit carryforwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;38.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;41.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;11.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;9.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(21.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(21.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;208.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;174.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;38.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;45.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;192.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;178.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;8.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;7.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;240.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;230.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Net deferred tax liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(31.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(56.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 our non-U.S. subsidiaries have tax loss carryforwards of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$142.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Of these carryforwards
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$26.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; expire through 2016
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$48.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; from 2017 through 2025 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$66.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; may be carried forward indefinitely.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 our non-U.S. subsidiaries have capital loss carryforwards of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$5.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;. All of these carryforwards may be carried forward indefinitely.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we have tax credit carryforwards of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$17.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 of which &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$3.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; expire in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$0.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$13.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;A valuation allowance has been provided to record deferred tax assets at their net realizable value based on a more likely than not criteria. The &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$0.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; net increase in the valuation allowance was mainly due to the recognition of deferred tax assets related to subsidiaries net operating losses which are now more likely than not to be realized
 offset by additional valuation allowance related to losses generated in other subsidiaries in 2014 which may not be realized in future periods.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. income taxes are not provided for unremitted earnings of international subsidiaries and affiliates where our intention is to reinvest these earnings permanently. Unremitted earnings of such entities were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.25 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Upon distribution of these earnings
 we could be subject to both U.S. income taxes and withholding taxes. Determination of the unrecognized deferred income tax liability is not practical because of the complexities involved with this hypothetical calculation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$55.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$58.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. If recognized
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$45.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of these tax benefits would affect the effective tax rate.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table summarizes the activity related to our gross unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended November 30:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=61% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Balance at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;58.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;46.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;33.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Additions for current year tax positions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;11.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;10.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;10.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Additions for prior year tax positions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Reductions for prior year tax positions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(9.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(3.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Statute expirations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Foreign currency translation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Balance at November&amp;#160;30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;55.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;58.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;46.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We record interest and penalties on income taxes in income tax expense. We recognized interest and penalty expense of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and 2012
 respectively. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we had accrued &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$5.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$5.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 of interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tax settlements or statute of limitation expirations could result in a change to our uncertain tax positions.  We believe that it is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits as of November 30
 2014 could decrease by approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; in the next 12 months as a result of various statute expirations
 audit closures and/or tax settlements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and non-U.S. jurisdictions. The open years subject to tax audits vary depending on the tax jurisdictions. In major jurisdictions
 we are no longer subject to income tax audits by taxing authorities for years before 2007. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We reached the following tax settlements during 2014: (1) a settlement with respect to the French taxing authority&amp;#8217;s audits of the 2007-2013 tax years; and (2) a settlement with respect to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) examination of our U.S. federal income tax return for the 2007 and 2008 tax years.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We are under normal recurring tax audits in several of our major operations outside the U.S. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular uncertain tax position




 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Royalty income from unconsolidated affiliates was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$18.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$18.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$17.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our principal earnings from unconsolidated affiliates is from our &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; interest in McCormick de Mexico
 S.A. de C.V. Profit from this joint venture represented &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;91%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of income from unconsolidated operations in 2014

	

 we sponsor defined contribution plans in the U.S. and contribute to government-sponsored retirement plans in locations outside the U.S. We also currently provide postretirement medical and life insurance benefits to certain U.S. employees.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Included in accumulated other comprehensive loss at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30

 we undertake a process
 with the assistance of our external investment consultants
 to evaluate the appropriate projected rates of return to use for our pension plans&amp;#8217; assumptions. We engage our investment consultants' research teams to develop capital market assumptions for each asset category in our plans to project investment returns into the future. The specific methods used to develop expected return assumptions vary by asset category. We adjust the outcomes for the fact that plan assets are invested with actively managed funds and subject to tactical asset reallocation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our 2013 pension expense includes a loss on voluntary pension settlement of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;&gt;$15.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; related to the U.S. pension plan. During the third quarter of 2013
 we offered former employees with deferred vested benefits in that plan the opportunity to settle those benefits in exchange for a lump sum payment. Based upon the acceptance of that offer by certain employees
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;&gt;$63.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; was paid from plan assets in the fourth quarter of 2013 with a corresponding decrease in the benefit obligation and we recognized the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;&gt;$15.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; settlement loss previously described. The loss on voluntary pension settlement is reflected as a separate line in the consolidated income statement.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our pension expense was as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=19 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=34% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;United&amp;#160;States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;20.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;23.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;17.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;7.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;8.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;6.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Interest costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;31.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;31.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;31.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;13.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;12.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;12.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Expected return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(38.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(41.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(37.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(18.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(17.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(16.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Loss on voluntary pension settlement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;15.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Amortization of prior service costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Amortization of net actuarial loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;11.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;29.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;18.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;5.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;24.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;57.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;29.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;7.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;10.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;7.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Rollforward of the benefit obligation
 fair value of plan assets and a reconciliation of the pension plans&amp;#8217; funded status as of November&amp;#160;30
 the measurement date
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=44% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Change in benefit obligation:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Benefit obligation at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;607.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;735.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;304.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;300.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;20.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;23.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;7.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;8.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Interest costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;31.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;31.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;13.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;12.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Employee contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Voluntary pension settlement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(63.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Plan changes and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Actuarial (gain) loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;94.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(97.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;49.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(5.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(24.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(20.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(13.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(8.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Expenses paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Foreign currency impact&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(21.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(2.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Benefit obligation at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;728.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;607.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;341.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;304.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Change in fair value of plan assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;552.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;519.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;279.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;247.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Actual return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;43.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;84.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;44.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;31.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Employer contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;32.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;12.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;10.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Employee contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Voluntary pension settlement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(63.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(24.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(20.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(13.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(8.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Expenses paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Foreign currency impact&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(18.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;576.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;552.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;305.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;279.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Funded status&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(152.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(55.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(36.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(25.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Pension plans in which accumulated benefit obligation exceeded plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Accumulated benefit obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;86.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;76.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;189.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;191.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;174.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;176.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Included in the U.S. in the preceding table is a benefit obligation of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$91.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$81.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 related to a nonqualified defined benefit plan pursuant to which we will pay supplemental pension benefits to certain key employees upon retirement based upon the employees&amp;#8217; years of service and compensation. The accumulated benefit obligation related to this plan was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$86.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$76.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. The assets related to this plan
 which totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$79.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$74.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 are held in a rabbi trust and accordingly have not been included in the preceding table.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amounts recorded in the balance sheet for all defined benefit pension plans consist of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=44% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;International&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Non-current pension asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;25.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Accrued pension liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;152.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;81.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;36.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;25.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Deferred income tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;87.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;59.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;19.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;15.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Accumulated other comprehensive loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;144.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;95.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;82.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;74.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The accumulated benefit obligation is the present value of pension benefits (whether vested or unvested) attributed to employee service rendered before the measurement date and based on employee service and compensation prior to that date. The accumulated benefit obligation differs from the projected benefit obligation in that it includes no assumption about future compensation or service levels. The accumulated benefit obligation for the U.S. pension plans was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$636.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$532.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. The accumulated benefit obligation for the international pension plans was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$310.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$276.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The investment objectives of the defined benefit pension plans are to provide assets to meet the current and future obligations of the plans at a reasonable cost to us. The goal is to optimize the long-term return across the portfolio of investments at a moderate level of risk. Higher-returning assets include mutual
 co-mingled and other funds comprised of equity securities
 utilizing both active and passive investment styles. These more volatile assets are balanced with less volatile assets
 primarily mutual
 co-mingled and other funds comprised of fixed income securities. Professional investment firms are engaged to provide advice on the selection and monitoring of investment funds
 and to provide advice on the allocation of plan assets across the various fund managers. This advice is based in part on the duration of each plan&amp;#8217;s liability. The investment return performances are evaluated quarterly against specific benchmark indices and against a peer group of funds of the same asset classification.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our allocations of U.S. pension plan assets as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 by asset category
 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=61% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Actual&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Asset Category&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Target&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Equity securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;70.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;70.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;65.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fixed income securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;15.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;23.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;17.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;14.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;6.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;17.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The allocations of the international pension plans&amp;#8217; assets as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 by asset category
 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=61% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Actual&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Asset Category&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Target&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Equity securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;56.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;57.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;53.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fixed income securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;43.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;42.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;41.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;6.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following tables set forth by level
 within the fair value hierarchy as described in note 8
 pension plan assets at their fair value as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for the United States and international plans:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=52% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;As of November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;text-align:center;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;text-align:center;&gt;fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;text-align:center;&gt;value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;15.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;15.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Equity securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;U.S. equity securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;301.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;144.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;156.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;International equity securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(b)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;111.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;111.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Fixed income securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;U.S./government/ corporate bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(c)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;30.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;30.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;High yield bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(d)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;31.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;31.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;International/government/ corporate bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(e)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;25.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;25.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Insurance contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(f)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Other types of investments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Hedge funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(g)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;54.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;54.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Private equity funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(h)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;5.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;5.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Total investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;576.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;326.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;189.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;59.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=52% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;As of November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;International equity securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(b)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;172.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;172.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Fixed income securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;U.S./government/ corporate bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(c)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;108.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;108.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Insurance contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(f)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;23.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;23.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Total investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;305.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;304.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=52% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;As of November 30
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Total&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;fair&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;value&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;13.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;13.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Equity securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;U.S. equity securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;277.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;129.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;147.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;International equity securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(b)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;110.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;110.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fixed income securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;U.S./government/ corporate bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(c)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;72.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;72.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;High yield bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(d)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;29.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;29.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;International/government/ corporate bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(e)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;24.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;24.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Insurance contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(f)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other types of investments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Hedge funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(g)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;18.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;18.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Private equity funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(h)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Total investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;552.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;350.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;178.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;23.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=52% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;As of November 30


 venture capital and limited partnerships.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The change in fair value of the plans&amp;#8217; Level 3 assets for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; is summarized as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=45% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;text-align:center;&gt;Beginning&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;text-align:center;&gt;of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;text-align:center;&gt;Realized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;text-align:center;&gt;gains&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Unrealized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;gains (losses)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Net
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;purchases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;and (sales)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;text-align:center;&gt;End&amp;#160;of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;text-align:center;&gt;year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Hedge funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;18.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;(1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;36.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;54.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Private equity funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;4.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;(1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;5.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;23.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;2.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;(1.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;35.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;59.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The change in fair value of the plans&amp;#8217; Level 3 assets for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; is summarized as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=45% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Beginning&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Realized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;gains&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Unrealized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;gains (losses)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Net
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;purchases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;and&amp;#160;(sales)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;End&amp;#160;of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Hedge funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;21.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(5.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;18.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Private equity funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;5.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;26.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(5.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;23.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The value for the Level 3 hedge funds&amp;#8217; assets is determined by an administrator using financial statements of the underlying funds or estimates provided by fund managers. The value for the Level 3 private equity funds&amp;#8217; assets is determined by the general partner or the general partner&amp;#8217;s designee. In addition
 for the plans&amp;#8217; Level 3 assets
 we engage an independent advisor to compare the funds&amp;#8217; returns to other funds with similar strategies. Each fund is required to have an annual audit by an independent accountant
 which is provided to the independent advisor. This provides a basis of comparability relative to similar assets in this category.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Equity securities in the U.S. plan included McCormick stock with a fair value of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$33.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; (&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;0.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;5.7%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of total U.S. pension plan assets) and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$31.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; (&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;0.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;5.7%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of total U.S. pension plan assets) at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;

 we match &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;100%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of a participant&amp;#8217;s contribution up to the first &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;3%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the participant&amp;#8217;s salary
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the next &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the participant&amp;#8217;s salary. In addition we make contributions for U.S. employees not covered by the defined benefit plan. Some of our smaller U.S. subsidiaries sponsor separate 401(k) retirement plans. Our contributions charged to expense under all 401(k) retirement plans were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$7.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$7.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$7.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;At the participant&amp;#8217;s election
 401(k) retirement plans held &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of McCormick stock
 with a fair value of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$164.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Dividends paid on these shares in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$3.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We currently provide postretirement medical and life insurance benefits to certain U.S. employees who were covered under the active employees&amp;#8217; plan and retire after age &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; with at least &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;five&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; years of service. The subsidy provided under these plans is based primarily on age at date of retirement. These benefits are not pre-funded but paid as incurred. Employees hired after December&amp;#160;31
 2008 are not eligible for a company subsidy. They are eligible for coverage on an access-only basis.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our other postretirement benefit expense follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=61% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;5.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Interest costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Amortization of prior service costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(4.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Amortization of losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Special termination benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Postretirement benefit expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;7.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;9.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Rollforwards of the benefit obligation
 fair value of plan assets and a reconciliation of the plans&amp;#8217; funded status at November&amp;#160;30
 the measurement date

 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;For 2014


 we sponsor defined contribution plans in the U.S. and contribute to government-sponsored retirement plans in locations outside the U.S. We also currently provide postretirement medical and life insurance benefits to certain U.S. employees.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of our defined benefit pension plans as an asset or a liability in the balance sheet
 with changes in the funded status recorded through comprehensive income in the year in which those changes occur.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The expected return on plan assets is determined using the expected rate of return and a calculated value of plan assets referred to as the market-related value of plan assets. Differences between assumed and actual returns are amortized to the market-related value of assets on a straight-line basis over &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;font-style:normal;font-weight:normal;text-decoration:none;&gt;five&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; years.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We use the corridor approach in the valuation of defined benefit pension plans. The corridor approach defers all actuarial gains and losses resulting from variances between actual results and actuarial assumptions. For defined benefit pension plans


 Plant and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment is stated at historical cost and depreciated over its estimated useful life using the straight-line method for financial reporting and both accelerated and straight-line methods for tax reporting. The estimated useful lives range from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; years for buildings and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; years for machinery
 equipment and computer software. Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We capitalize costs of software developed or obtained for internal use. Capitalized software development costs include only (1)&amp;#160;direct costs paid to others for materials and services to develop or buy the software
 (2)&amp;#160;payroll and payroll-related costs for employees who work directly on the software development project and (3)&amp;#160;interest costs while developing the software. Capitalization of these costs stops when the project is substantially complete and ready for use. Software is amortized using the straight-line method over a range of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; years
 but not exceeding the expected life of the product. We capitalized &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$11.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of software development costs during the year ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$16.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; during the year ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$20.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; during the year ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30


033.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1
042.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1
173.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;391.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;412.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;420.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;506.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Operating income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;124.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;121.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;157.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;199.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;82.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;84.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;122.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;148.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Basic earnings per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.95&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Diluted earnings per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.64&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.94&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Dividends paid per share&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Common Stock and Common Stock Non-Voting&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Market price&amp;#8212;Common Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;High&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;70.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;72.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;73.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;73.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Low&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;62.80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;65.57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;66.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;65.90&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Market price&amp;#8212;Common Stock Non-Voting&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;High&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;70.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;72.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;73.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;74.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Low&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;63.03&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;66.12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;65.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;65.61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;934.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
002.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
016.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
170.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;361.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;394.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;407.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;502.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Operating income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;112.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;116.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;148.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;174.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;76.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;78.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;104.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;129.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Basic earnings per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Diluted earnings per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Dividends paid per share&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Common Stock and Common Stock Non-Voting&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Market price&amp;#8212;Common Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;High&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;67.28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;74.60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;73.41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;70.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Low&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;61.03&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;68.08&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;66.85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;63.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Market price&amp;#8212;Common Stock Non-Voting&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;High&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;67.32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;74.76&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;73.36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;70.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Low&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;61.23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;68.39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;67.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;64.07&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Operating income for the third and fourth quarters of 2014 included special charges of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 related to EMEA reorganization and other streamlining  activities. For the third and fourth quarters of 2014
 the after tax impact of these charges was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 and the basic and diluted earnings per share impact was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for the third quarter and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for the fourth quarter.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Operating income for the fourth quarter of 2013 included &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$25.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for special charges related to EMEA reorganization activities and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$15.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of loss on voluntary pension settlements. The after tax impact of these two items is &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$29.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and the basic and diluted earnings per share impact is &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:13px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Earnings per share are computed independently for each of the quarters presented. Therefore


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:97.8515625%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=46% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=8% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=8% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=8% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 rowspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Affected Line Items in the Consolidated Income Statement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Components&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Gains/ (losses) on cash flow hedges:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Interest rate derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Interest expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Foreign exchange contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Cost of goods sold&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Total before taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Tax effect&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Net
 after tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1.5px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1.5px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1.5px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1.5px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1.5px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1.5px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Amortization of pension and postretirement benefit adjustments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Amortization of prior service costs &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:7pt;&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(3.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;SG&amp;amp;A expense/         Cost of goods sold&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Amortization of net actuarial losses &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:7pt;&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;16.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;36.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;21.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;SG&amp;amp;A expense/              Cost of goods sold&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Total before taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;16.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;35.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;18.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Tax effect&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(5.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(12.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(6.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Net




 general and administrative expense in the income statement. Research and development expense was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$62.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$61.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$57.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 depending upon contractual terms; and when the sales price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. We reduce revenue for estimated product returns
 allowances and price discounts based on historical experience and contractual terms.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Trade allowances
 consisting primarily of customer pricing allowances
 merchandising funds and consumer coupons


 net of tax where applicable (in millions):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:99.609375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=70% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Accumulated other comprehensive loss


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 by asset category


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 by asset category

	
	
	

 fair value of plan assets and a reconciliation of the plans&amp;#8217; funded status at November&amp;#160;30
 the measurement date

	
	

015.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
021.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Less current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
014.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
019.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-left:12px;text-align:left;padding-left:20px;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:20px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:-4px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;The fixed interest rate on &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$100 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt; of the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;5.20%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt; notes due in 2015 is effectively converted to a variable rate by interest rate swaps through 2015. Net interest payments are based on 3 month LIBOR minus &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;0.05%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt; during this period (our effective rate as of November&amp;#160;30
 2014 was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;0.19%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:20px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:-4px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Interest rate swaps
 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2007
 effectively fixed the interest rate on the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$250 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt; notes at a weighted-average fixed rate of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;6.25%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:20px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:-4px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Interest rate swaps
 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2011
 effectively fixed the interest rate on the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$250 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt; notes at a weighted-average fixed rate of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;4.01%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:20px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:-4px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(4)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Interest rate swaps
 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2013

	
	
	

 accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) and our income statement for the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;

	

 2014:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Asset Derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Liability Derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Balance&amp;#160;sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;location&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Notional&amp;#160;amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Fair&amp;#160;value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Balance&amp;#160;sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;location&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Notional&amp;#160;amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Fair&amp;#160;value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Interest rate contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Other&amp;#160;current&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;7.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Other&amp;#160;accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Foreign exchange contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;106.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;4.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Other&amp;#160;accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;156.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;12.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;As of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;November&amp;#160;30

	




 net of federal benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;International tax at different effective rates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(7.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(6.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(6.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;U.S. tax on remitted and unremitted earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;U.S. manufacturing deduction&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Changes in prior year tax contingencies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other


357.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;930.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;954.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;4
243.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Long-lived assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1
284.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;920.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;451.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;2
655.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2
357.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;883.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;883.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4
123.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Long-lived assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
275.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;989.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;443.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2
708.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2
351.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;860.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;802.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4
014.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Long-lived assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
291.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;956.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;318.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2

	
	
	
	

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=52% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Consumer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Industrial&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Consumer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Industrial&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
654.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;143.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
551.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;144.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Changes in purchase price allocation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(6.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Goodwill acquired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;77.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Foreign currency fluctuations and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(67.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(2.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;25.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;End of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
581.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;141.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1

	

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=53% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Gross&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;carrying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Accumulated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Gross&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;carrying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Accumulated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Finite-lived intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;94.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;34.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;93.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;30.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Indefinite-lived intangible assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
722.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
798.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Brand names and trademarks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;270.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;269.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
993.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2
068.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Total goodwill and intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2
087.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;34.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2



	

033.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1
042.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1
173.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;391.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;412.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;420.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;506.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Operating income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;124.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;121.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;157.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;199.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;82.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;84.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;122.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;148.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Basic earnings per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.95&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Diluted earnings per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.64&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.94&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Dividends paid per share&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Common Stock and Common Stock Non-Voting&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Market price&amp;#8212;Common Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;High&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;70.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;72.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;73.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;73.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Low&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;62.80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;65.57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;66.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;65.90&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Market price&amp;#8212;Common Stock Non-Voting&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;High&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;70.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;72.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;73.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;74.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Low&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;63.03&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;66.12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;65.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;65.61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;934.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
002.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
016.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
170.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;361.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;394.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;407.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;502.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Operating income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;112.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;116.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;148.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;174.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;76.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;78.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;104.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;129.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Basic earnings per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Diluted earnings per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Dividends paid per share&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Common Stock and Common Stock Non-Voting&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Market price&amp;#8212;Common Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;High&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;67.28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;74.60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;73.41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;70.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Low&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;61.03&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;68.08&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;66.85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;63.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Market price&amp;#8212;Common Stock Non-Voting&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;High&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;67.32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;74.76&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;73.36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;70.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Low&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;61.23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;68.39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;67.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;64.07&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Operating income for the third and fourth quarters of 2014 included special charges of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 related to EMEA reorganization and other streamlining  activities. For the third and fourth quarters of 2014
 the after tax impact of these charges was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 and the basic and diluted earnings per share impact was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for the third quarter and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for the fourth quarter.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Operating income for the fourth quarter of 2013 included &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$25.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for special charges related to EMEA reorganization activities and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$15.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of loss on voluntary pension settlements. The after tax impact of these two items is &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$29.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and the basic and diluted earnings per share impact is &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:13px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Earnings per share are computed independently for each of the quarters presented. Therefore


625.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1
617.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;4
243.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;4
243.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:18px;text-indent:-18px;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Operating income excluding special charges&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;474.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;133.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;608.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;608.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Income from unconsolidated operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;28.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;29.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;29.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1
581.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;141.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1
722.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1
722.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;4
169.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;244.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;4
414.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;108.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;24.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;132.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;71.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;31.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;102.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2
538.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
585.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4
123.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4
123.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:18px;text-indent:-18px;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Operating income excluding special charges and loss on voluntary pension settlement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;472.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;118.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;590.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;590.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Income from unconsolidated operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;19.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;23.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;23.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
654.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;143.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
798.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
798.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4
142.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;306.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4
449.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;84.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;15.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;99.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;74.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;31.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;106.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2
415.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
598.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4
014.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4
014.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Operating income &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;456.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;122.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;578.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;578.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Income from unconsolidated operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;17.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;21.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;21.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
551.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;144.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
695.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
695.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3
912.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;253.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4

	


	
	

 INCORPORATED&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(IN MILLIONS)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=40% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Column A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Column&amp;#160;B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Column C Additions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Column D&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Column&amp;#160;E&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Description&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Balance&amp;#160;at&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Beginning&amp;#160;of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Charged&amp;#160;to&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Costs and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Charged&amp;#160;to&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Deductions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Balance&amp;#160;at&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;End&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;Period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Deducted from asset accounts:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Year ended November&amp;#160;30
 2014:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Allowance for doubtful receivables&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;4.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;(0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;(0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;4.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Valuation allowance on net deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;21.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;3.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;(1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;(1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;21.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;25.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;4.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;(2.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;(1.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;25.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Deducted from asset accounts:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Year ended November&amp;#160;30
 2013:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Allowance for doubtful receivables&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Valuation allowance on net deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;27.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;5.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(9.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;21.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;31.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;6.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(11.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;25.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Deducted from asset accounts:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Year ended November&amp;#160;30


 market and distribute spices
 seasoning mixes
 condiments and other flavorful products throughout the world. Our consumer segment sells to retail outlets
 including grocery
 mass merchandise
 warehouse clubs
 discount and drug stores under the &amp;#8220;McCormick&amp;#8221; brand and a variety of brands around the world
 including &amp;#8220;Lawry&amp;#8217;s&amp;#8221;
 &amp;#8220;Zatarain&amp;#8217;s&amp;#8221;
 &amp;#8220;Simply Asia&amp;#8221;
 &amp;#8220;Thai Kitchen&amp;#8221;
 &amp;#8220;Ducros&amp;#8221;
 &amp;#8220;Vahin&amp;#233;&amp;#8221;
 &amp;#8220;Schwartz&amp;#8221;
 &amp;#8220;Club House&amp;#8221;
 &amp;#8220;Kamis&amp;#8221;
 &amp;#8220;Kohinoor&amp;#8221; and DaQiao. Our industrial segment sells to food manufacturers and the foodservice industry both directly and indirectly through distributors.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;In each of our segments
 we produce and sell many individual products which are similar in composition and nature. With their primary attribute being flavor
 we regard the products within each of our segments to be fairly homogenous. It is impracticable to segregate and identify sales and profits for each of these individual product lines.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We measure segment performance based on operating income excluding special charges and loss on voluntary pension settlement as these activities are managed separately from the business segments. Although the segments are managed separately due to their distinct distribution channels and marketing strategies
 manufacturing and warehousing are often integrated to maximize cost efficiencies. We do not segregate jointly utilized assets by individual segment for internal reporting
 evaluating performance or allocating capital. Therefore
 asset-related information has been disclosed in the aggregate.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We have a large number of customers for our products. Sales to one of our consumer business customers
 Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc.
 accounted for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;11%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of consolidated sales in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;12%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of consolidated sales in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;11%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of consolidated sales in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Sales to one of our industrial business customers
 PepsiCo
 Inc.
 accounted for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;11%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of consolidated sales in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accounting policies for measuring segment operating income and assets are consistent with those described in note 1. Because of integrated manufacturing for certain products within the segments
 products are not sold from one segment to another but rather inventory is transferred at cost. Inter-segment sales are not material. Corporate assets include cash
 deferred taxes
 investments and certain fixed assets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Business Segment Results&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=40% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Consumer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Industrial&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;segments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;amp; other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;2
625.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1
617.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;4
243.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;4
243.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:18px;text-indent:-18px;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Operating income excluding special charges&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;474.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;133.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;608.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;608.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Income from unconsolidated operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;28.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;29.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;29.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1
581.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;141.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1
722.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1
722.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;4
169.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;244.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;4
414.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;108.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;24.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;132.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;71.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;31.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;102.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2
538.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
585.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4
123.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4
123.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:18px;text-indent:-18px;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Operating income excluding special charges and loss on voluntary pension settlement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;472.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;118.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;590.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;590.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Income from unconsolidated operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;19.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;23.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;23.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
654.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;143.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
798.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
798.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4
142.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;306.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4
449.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;84.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;15.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;99.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;74.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;31.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;106.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2
415.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
598.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4
014.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4
014.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Operating income &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;456.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;122.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;578.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;578.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Income from unconsolidated operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;17.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;21.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;21.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
551.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;144.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
695.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
695.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3
912.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;253.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4
165.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;88.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;21.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;110.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;75.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;27.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;102.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;A reconciliation of operating income excluding special charges and loss on voluntary pension settlement (which we use to measure segment profitability) to operating income for the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30

357.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;930.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;954.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;4
243.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Long-lived assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1
284.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;920.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;451.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;2
655.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2
357.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;883.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;883.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4
123.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Long-lived assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
275.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;989.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;443.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2
708.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2
351.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;860.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;802.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4
014.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Long-lived assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
291.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;956.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;318.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2
566.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Long-lived assets include property
 plant and equipment
 goodwill and intangible assets


 general and administrative expense in the income statement. Shipping and handling expense was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$100.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$96.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$94.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 over which we exercise significant influence
 but not control
 are accounted for by the equity method. Accordingly
 our share of net income or loss of unconsolidated affiliates is included in net income.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Foreign Currency Translation &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;For majority-owned or controlled subsidiaries and affiliates
 if located outside of the U.S.
 with functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar
 asset and liability accounts are translated at the rates of exchange at the balance sheet date and the resultant translation adjustments are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 a separate component of shareholders&amp;#8217; equity. Income and expense items are translated at average monthly rates of exchange. Gains and losses from foreign currency transactions of these majority-owned or controlled subsidiaries and affiliates-that is
 transactions denominated in other than the functional currency-are included in net earnings.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our unconsolidated affiliates located outside the U.S. generally use their local currencies as their functional currencies. The asset and liability accounts of those unconsolidated affiliates
 and our investment in the net assets of those unconsolidated affiliates
 are translated at the rates of exchange at the balance sheet date and the resultant translation adjustments are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 a separate component of shareholders&amp;#8217; equity. Our income from these unconsolidated operations is translated at average monthly rates of exchange.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Preparation of financial statements that follow accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and notes. Actual amounts could differ from these estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;All highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less are classified as cash equivalents.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using standard or average costs which approximate the first-in
 first-out costing method.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment is stated at historical cost and depreciated over its estimated useful life using the straight-line method for financial reporting and both accelerated and straight-line methods for tax reporting. The estimated useful lives range from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; years for buildings and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; years for machinery
 equipment and computer software. Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We capitalize costs of software developed or obtained for internal use. Capitalized software development costs include only (1)&amp;#160;direct costs paid to others for materials and services to develop or buy the software
 (2)&amp;#160;payroll and payroll-related costs for employees who work directly on the software development project and (3)&amp;#160;interest costs while developing the software. Capitalization of these costs stops when the project is substantially complete and ready for use. Software is amortized using the straight-line method over a range of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; years
 but not exceeding the expected life of the product. We capitalized &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$11.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of software development costs during the year ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$16.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; during the year ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$20.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; during the year ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We review the carrying value of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets and conduct tests of impairment on an annual basis as described below. We also test goodwill for impairment if events or circumstances indicate it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying amount and test indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. Separable intangible assets that have finite useful lives are amortized over those lives.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Determining the fair value of a reporting unit or an indefinite-lived purchased intangible asset is judgmental in nature and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions include revenue growth rates and operating margins used to calculate projected future cash flows
 risk-adjusted discount rates
 assumed royalty rates
 future economic and market conditions and determination of appropriate market comparables. We base our fair value estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable but that are unpredictable and inherently uncertain. Actual future results may differ from these estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Goodwill Impairment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our reporting units used to assess potential goodwill impairment are the same as our business segments. We calculate fair value of a reporting unit by using a discounted cash flow model and then compare that to the carrying amount of the reporting unit
 including intangible assets and goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds the calculated fair value
 then we would determine the implied fair value of the reporting unit&amp;#8217;s goodwill. An impairment charge would be recognized to the extent the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Indefinite-lived Intangible Asset Impairment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of brand names and trademarks. We calculate fair value by using a relief-from-royalty method or discounted cash flow model and then compare that to the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset. If the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value
 an impairment charge would be recorded to the extent the recorded indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds the fair value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Long-lived Fixed Asset Impairment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fixed assets and amortizable intangible assets are reviewed for impairment as events or changes in circumstances occur indicating that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. Undiscounted cash flow analyses are used to determine if an impairment exists. If an impairment is determined to exist
 the loss is calculated based on  estimated fair value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We recognize revenue when we have an agreement with the customer; upon either shipment or delivery
 depending upon contractual terms; and when the sales price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. We reduce revenue for estimated product returns
 allowances and price discounts based on historical experience and contractual terms.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Trade allowances
 consisting primarily of customer pricing allowances
 merchandising funds and consumer coupons
 are offered through various programs to customers and consumers. Revenue is recorded net of trade allowances.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Trade accounts receivable are amounts billed and currently due from customers. We have an allowance for doubtful accounts to reduce our receivables to their net realizable value. We estimate the allowance for doubtful accounts based on the aging of our receivables and our history of collections.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Shipping and Handling&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Shipping and handling costs on our products sold to customers are included in selling
 general and administrative expense in the income statement. Shipping and handling expense was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$100.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$96.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$94.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Research and Development&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Research and development costs are expensed as incurred and are included in selling
 general and administrative expense in the income statement. Research and development expense was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$62.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$61.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$57.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Brand Marketing Support&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total brand marketing support costs
 which are included in selling
 general and administrative expense in the income statement
 were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$226.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$207.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$198.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. Brand marketing support costs include advertising
 promotions and customer trade funds used for cooperative advertising. Promotion costs include public relations
 shopper marketing
 social marketing activities
 general consumer promotion activities and depreciation on assets used in these promotional activities. Advertising costs include the development
 production and communication of advertisements through television
 digital
 print and radio. Development and production costs are expensed in the period in which the advertisement is first run. All other costs of advertisement are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$100.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$85.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$86.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Employee Benefit and Retirement Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We sponsor defined benefit pension plans in the U.S. and certain foreign locations. In addition
 we sponsor defined contribution plans in the U.S. and contribute to government-sponsored retirement plans in locations outside the U.S. We also currently provide postretirement medical and life insurance benefits to certain U.S. employees.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of our defined benefit pension plans as an asset or a liability in the balance sheet
 with changes in the funded status recorded through comprehensive income in the year in which those changes occur.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The expected return on plan assets is determined using the expected rate of return and a calculated value of plan assets referred to as the market-related value of plan assets. Differences between assumed and actual returns are amortized to the market-related value of assets on a straight-line basis over &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;font-style:normal;font-weight:normal;text-decoration:none;&gt;five&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; years.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We use the corridor approach in the valuation of defined benefit pension plans. The corridor approach defers all actuarial gains and losses resulting from variances between actual results and actuarial assumptions. For defined benefit pension plans
 these unrecognized gains and losses are amortized when the net gains and losses exceed &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;&gt;10%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the greater of the market-related value of plan assets or the projected benefit obligation at the beginning of the year. The amount in excess of the corridor is amortized over the average remaining service period to retirement date of active plan participants.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update No.&amp;#160;2014-09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;This guidance is intended to improve and converge with international standards the financial reporting requirements for revenue from contracts with customers. It will be effective for our first quarter of 2018 and early adoption is not permitted. We have not yet determined the impact from adoption of this new accounting pronouncement on our financial statements. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;In February 2013
 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No.&amp;#160;2013-02  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;This guidance is intended to provide disclosure on items reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) either in the notes or parenthetically on the face of the income statement. We adopted this new accounting pronouncement in 2014 and have included the necessary disclosures in note 9
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss. There was no impact on our financial statements from adoption


 automatically
 on a share-for-share basis
 all shares of Common Stock Non-Voting will convert into shares of Common Stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Holders of Common Stock Non-Voting will vote as a separate class on all matters on which they are entitled to vote. Holders of Common Stock Non-Voting are entitled to vote on reverse mergers and statutory share exchanges where our capital stock is converted into other securities or property
 dissolution of the company and the sale of substantially all of our assets


 2015
 we approved a voluntary early retirement plan to be offered to certain U.S. employees aged 55 years or older with at least ten years of service to the company. The cost of the voluntary early retirement plan (which includes enhanced separation benefits but does not include supplementary pension benefits) is expected to approximate &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$13 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 with the actual cost to be determined based upon acceptance by eligible employees
 and to be recorded in the second quarter of 2015. This plan is part of a North American effectiveness initiative that
 upon completion
 is expected to generate cost savings of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$10 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; in 2015 and annual cost savings of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$25 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; beginning in 2016. We currently estimate the total cost to implement the North American effectiveness initiative to approximate &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$20 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 including the cost of the voluntary early retirement plan and other actions necessary to achieve the cost savings previously described
 consisting principally of severance and related benefits that will be paid in cash. We continue to evaluate changes to our organization structure in certain other locations to enable us to reduce fixed costs
 simplify or improve processes

	
	



















































































































		
		

 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2013





		
		


		

 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2011


 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2007

		











































        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    




    
    


    




    




    







 Plant and Equipment



    




    




    




    




    
    
    








    


    
    




    


    
    




    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    








    
    


    

 Inputs



    

 Inputs



    

 Inputs



    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    


    




    

 Stock Options



    

 Stock Options



    

 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans



    

 Performance Shares


 Performance Shares



    
    


    
    




















    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    














    
    


    
    


    




    

 Interest Rate



    
    


    




    






    
    


    
    
    


    




    

 Unused Borrowing Capacity









    

 Rent Expense



    




    










    
    


    





 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits






 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals





































    
    




















    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Contract



    
    














    
    
    


    




    




    
    
    


    






    
    


    
    
    


    

 at Fair Value



    




    


    
    


    
    


    





 Concentration of Risk


 Concentration of Risk



    


    
    








    
    


    




    




    










    




    
    
    


    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    



 Gain (Loss) by Hedging Relationship
 by Income Statement Location







    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    




    




    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    














    
    


    
    




    
    




    
    






    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    
















    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    




    
    


    




    
    


    




    



 Liabilities


 Assets for Plan Benefits



    




    






    

 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans



    
    


    

 Dividends
 Per Share



    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested


 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested






 Equity Instruments Other than Options






 Equity Instruments Other than Options






 Equity Instruments Other than Options










 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period




 Non-Option Equity Instruments


 Non-Option Equity Instruments




 Options
 Other Share Increase (Decrease) in Period


 Options
 Other Share Increase (Decrease) in Period






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures







    
    


    
    


    
    






    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    




    


    
    




    




    




    
    










    




    
    


    




    






    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income
 Effective Portion


 Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income
 Effective Portion




 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI on Derivatives


 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI on Derivatives




 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI on Derivatives


 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI on Derivatives




 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI on Derivatives


 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI on Derivatives




 Amortization Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 for Net Prior Service Cost (Credit)


 Amortization Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 for Net Prior Service Cost (Credit)




 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 for Net Gain (Loss)


 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 for Net Gain (Loss)




 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans


 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans




 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 for Net (Gain) Loss


 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 for Net Gain (Loss)




 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 for Net (Gain) Loss


 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 for Net Gain (Loss)



    

 Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment



    
    
    


    
    


    








    
    


    
    



 Assets



    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    

 Nonvested Awards



    

 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized









    




    
    
    


    

 Options
 Grants in Period



    

 Options
 Outstanding



    

 Options
 Exercisable



    

 Options
 Exercises in Period



    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    




    


    
    


    




    
    


    










    





 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage Rate Range






 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage Rate Range





    
    





 Interest Rate



    


    
    






    


    








    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    




    

 Plant






 Plant



    
    


    
    




    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    




    




    





 Fair Value Assumptions
 Risk Free Interest Rate






 Fair Value Assumptions
 Risk Free Interest Rate



    

 Fair Value Assumptions






 Fair Value Assumptions
 Expected Volatility Rate






 Fair Value Assumptions
 Expected Volatility Rate



    

 Fair Value Assumptions











    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    




    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    





 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    
    




    




    




    
    
    


    

 Plant and Equipment



    




    




    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    




    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    




    


    

 Income Taxes
 Extraordinary Items



    
    


    
    
    


    


    


    




    










    
    









 Measurements


 Measurements




 Assets Measured on Recurring Basis




 Assets Measured on Recurring Basis




 Assets Measured on Recurring Basis


 Assets Measured on Recurring Basis



    




    




    




    




    

 Asset



    




    

 Liability



    




    






    




    




    




    




    




    




    






    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    




    
    


    





 Postretirement Benefits


 Individual Contracts



    

 Individual Contracts



    
    


    
    


    

 Expected Future Benefit Payments



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payments



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payments



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payments



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payments



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payments



    

 Finished Goods



    










    




    




    




    
    
    


    




    




    




    




    

 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant




 plant and equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    

 Balance



    
    


    
    
    


    






    


    




    
    
    


    










    

 Liabilities



    




    

 Net



    




    

 Other than Long-term Debt









    
    


    




    




    
    


    





 Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Arising During Period






 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Net Unamortized Gain (Loss) Arising During Period









    

 Measurement Inputs



    

 Summarized Financial Information



    

 Summarized Financial Information



    

 Summarized Financial Information



    

 Summarized Financial Information



    

 Summarized Financial Information



    

 Summarized Financial Information



    

 Summarized Financial Information



    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    
    


    

 Future Minimum Payments Receivable



    

 Future Minimum Payments Receivable



    

 Future Minimum Payments Receivable



    

 Future Minimum Payments Receivable



    

 Future Minimum Payments Receivable



    

 Future Minimum Payments Receivable



    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    



 Settlements


 Settlements






 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)








 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net Gains (Losses)


 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net Gains (Losses)




 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net Prior Service Cost (Credit)


 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net Prior Service Cost (Credit)




 net of prior service credit

    
    



 net of prior service credit





    




    


    




    




    




    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation



    




    










    
    







 Options


 Options






 Options
 Outstanding






 Options
 Grants in Period






 Options






 Options










 Options
 Exercisable




 Options
 Outstanding


 Options
 Outstanding






 Options
 Outstanding






 Options
 Grants in Period






 Options
 Exercises in Period






 Options
 Forfeitures and Expirations in Period










 Options
 Exercisable



    
    


    
    








    






    






    






    
    


    

 Operating Loss Carryforwards



    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    




    
    
    


    

 Deferred Tax Asset
 Increase (Decrease)



    




    


    


    




    




    
    








    
    


    
    














    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    








    


    




    







 Purchases
 Sales



    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation




 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation


 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation




 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost


 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost




 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost


 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost



    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    














    

 Net of Tax



    
    





 Net of Tax









    

 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment



    
    


    




    

 Share-based Compensation
















 including tax benefit 

    





 including tax benefit

    

 including tax benefit























    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    
    


    


    


    


    



 Market price

    
    



 Market price

    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    




    




    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 on a share-for-share basis

    

 on a share-for-share basis



    





 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans


 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans




 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans

    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans


 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans



    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans


 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans






 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range






 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range






 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range






 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Outstanding Options






 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Outstanding Options






 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range






 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Exercisable Options






 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Exercisable Options




 Balance Sheet Location


 Balance Sheet Location



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    








    


    

 at Fair Value










 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Effective Portion


 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Effective Portion



    

 Fair Value



    

 Fair Value









    
    








    
    
    


    
    


    




    


    




    


    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Tangible Assets


 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Tangible Assets



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Intangible Assets



    










    
    













 at Fair Value



    
    
    


    


    
    


    





 Net



    


    


    





 plant and equipment









    


    


    
    


    


    


    

 Trade



    


    




    


    


    
    


    




    

 Value



    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    



 Settlements









    


    




    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    




    

 Settlements



    




    


    




    




    


    


    


    

 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Changes



    




    

 Pension Plans with Accumulated Benefit Obligations in Excess of Plan Assets



    

 Pension Plans with Accumulated Benefit Obligations in Excess of Plan Assets



    




    
    


    
    



 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Adjustment


 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Adjustment




 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment




 Derivatives Qualifying as Hedges


 Derivatives Qualifying as Hedges




 Tax


 Tax



    

 Net of Tax



    

 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate






 State and Local Income Taxes



    

 Foreign Income Tax Rate Differential



    
    
    


    

 Deduction
 Qualified Production Activity



    

 Tax Contingency






 Other Adjustments



    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    




    






    
    


    
    


    
    
    

































 Shares






 Shares



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 awilsona01a02.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@``9`!D``#_[``11'5C:WD``0`$````9```_^X`#D%D
M;V)E`&3``````?_;`(0``0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0(`@(`@(`@(`P
#`P
#`P
#`P$!`0$!`0$`0$
M`@(!`@(#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#
M`P
#`P
#`P

M```%`P0&!P$``)$1(3%!46)(CB&U%S=X$0$`````````````````````
M_]H`#`




P9E&#&1`72BJ;4HS:FF(PGHU<Y1VRGE5!/.^GQMKC.NV,Y#(864<3<!W(
M`H1E+W,2N3V,]+VG;T;KLA(IE8$CG%M'HDE(+)E8\<^='EX)7S4;$==MO\`

9F.F$R3_TJ;-S




+9

M(6Y

NGW)7G*Y.DV+:

M*NJ@7;PQAN)-=OPACA=
;#^Z;@=L6V6V&8]IO:$4K:ZCB8IO]]]L(O)79)!X

-MW^<9D/\`D86O

MZYV^[E5F
F.K3!%-]$N/2<Y@@R?E


P\M[6MZM
MJ0BDZM26#HA&L&`



;


PF7W2*IN)!57X
8
M0?D


@PY1NJ



M*8E7'F8K&X\0G\I3;[

MC?U'4^*M.\K


ZWL9C/&=-]-G+EO;GCD!5*8:V06DMAO1Q:L8]V5-'`P

=C
M(Y

[LQ'6[$0UU2;:/'[K5'5/&
[*?'SD+A8$/

M-?MOKMG;4/K_`&?;E^#\G\+ZX_V?[3^Q^K_9NF?P?TK^0_7_`(G]_P#J7Y/[
M3_%?YG\C^M^I^Q_A_I?3_.\!/'`W21:_.





MV02WU!N4NKZ!6!H$3GD(B$V3C)UE*(XG+HT&DFD?DHWF!TB:&63W44=886
MWPB[0_&X2^V?KOCYSX$O\!=_L/XOM7L6.T!O2/3!3E.T:#O9I;D?LX7``]EN

K:YC<N%PH5

M/`/`/`4#ZQ?_`'Q[5?\`[PF/_8V'@-^\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\
)`\`\`\`\#__9
`
end







begin 644 ernst_younga01a02.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@``9`!D``#_[``11'5C:WD``0`$````9```_^X`#D%D
M;V)E`&3``````?_;`(0``0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0(`@(`@(`@(`P
#`P
#`P
#`P$!`0$!`0$`0$
M`@(!`@(#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#
M`P
#`P
#`P
#_\``$0@`'PF`P$1``(1`0,1`?_$`&P``0``P$``P``````
M```````)@8'`

^X!E=]QPF!R2885Q!8&]);E+-L-9
M%XR'*MJZJZ.MS-C6Z1?D6Z2B044_53V6U^VN/GP*\-+&_9WVJC(;)[.X:['
M)C)%-Y(A77.D=Z;KCB#E^5&[51QBDHW`V"ZYMNP%&.SD@O)AC-!LY7PD


$5FP\4'$CFRCARY74310



M=?)!1;;Y4;(;+9#,/7K#^L0-YF?:UEOICT!=

S:CW

MZR
F'

M2U8/&8;7Q9S;
WCCA'=P.:1FNRFPHJ]/%TM/LT:[[)?GUVUVUV^FV-LA&N:_

$;W*O!J2B##357#MH$EKR





I/+`LQ81^\V

M7LWBYS6O1G.E)646GTCCK4!6Q?0IK:DR4+2#=P6'.&0P6VW3RF$D?(/JS[WK




M=@8;[FSKC&JB:^-E-$]'`;DB


:A


`\!X#P'@5
MST[:@W=

R4GG85KQK&PYO.I
M^:Q%017$5.;*C1(K)-1GN0(-UT`[_\`4M2LMJ_CJ*63;*JKOHCL$X3[.Z0=



MY8QC@@]]%


[I*X_5-33&?G


Z_7X^

Q[

26^6WTRGG.GQX&3^`\!X#P/_9
`
end







begin 644 gstetza01a02.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@``9`!D``#_[``11'5C:WD``0`$````9```_^X`#D%D
M;V)E`&3``````?_;`(0``0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0(`@(`@(`@(`P
#`P
#`P
#`P$!`0$!`0$`0$
M`@(!`@(#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#
M`P
#`P
#`P
#_\``$0@`3P%`P$1``(1`0,1`?_$`'$``0``@(#`0``````



^!8'



W\^@D6+1G8]Q'$
J



M/6)`X`5^MFLOC.9-
4DD@4






M!M8NQPIHM:7_`(?JQ6J`M0%`V7W

MS0*F21











:5TKF7@&=^R^F
IVEX?HUUL_9JPQF6]4\;CZ]5Z)<.N6@:'725:FX
MAV=D;%.



M9'3)FWL[-'9NRVFQ:CVC[.[X
U.+
GEVW&9EM+C4HRF*`K81L#'[J1($.S.[

EGG6FG-&A59K:NTEW2$6T2NS8

M6WIZA




]!\KSV]
MNU6QW3M)V2:@H=IN
MF]O(ZPS%1.Y2(1VRR&DQD?%YUC$(80



MX**CE45`N:G


5F
;LCE$A04+[8E$!)_=.H=


M@%*1%JS;$(4````I0X&8X#@.`X#@.!2EU*

]:]0G3Y2#8KQB


!#%!1!.W%']H'#R
M%VID4CJ)JF(`J(^L$C_7R0%`*!P#_8WI#S_TX'MX#@.`X#@.!JNK8GF%+U+5
+J&



`I-^<Y=&MXE

MI!4%5NDLW.KY1`P``'+X
(/T#QP,A]?'^_C]?I^O_;Q_P.!YX#@.`X#@.`



ZPB:JE_J/9M*#?6V9A4'CF+P2Q3TB](
MV.HX;Q+)TY`GH1.8H7

begin 644 mcmullensignaturea01a01a02.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`E@6``#_VP!#``H'!PD'!@H)`D+PH
#QD0#PX.
M#QX6%Q(9)`F)2,@(R(H+3DP*HV*R(C
D0R-CL]0$!`)C!&2T4^2CD_0#W_





M+N[N2\CQ



FN.\*0-XFO
MV\6:@H*MNBTR$\B&$'&__??'7TQ5/XJQ8TVSN;^=/['MY=\]F






C\./Q-87BV;RO$6F:;H=F)HO
M#-L;^2`#Y3@`*G^]C)_QJ3Q=XUA\0?#749K&WN(H[FX2RCDE7`D#$$LN.V
C




MPV!SD=#Q[U)=?#71[[6K_4+M[F47@8_9R_[N-V7:TBC^\1W[5DM\(X]3MTCU
M[7+Z\-LJQ6GE8C$$:\`8Y!)&

7EC6*
S$D8)$
MN




M111111113719$9'4



#
M`P8$!`

#`P8#`P8

#`2(``A$!`Q$!_\0`

M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4




M-R
RG&02.:]IOO\`@I5\#[+]G?P-\6/^$_T^Z^'OQ)U2ST7P[K%G:75W'?WM
MV[1PVY2*)I(9/

M^6*)FVK)-]EAE%NK'.#





(2%K2WE507C<`,03M/&*]5\2_M7^`_7[+TGQ


\TV7PIK<\ENMQ!'<1;FALW0$Q2HQ7


M90_;Q^$_[;_P+N_B7\



MW'_``=!?L,6EY);R?'';+$YC8'P;X@P&!P1G[#CK7W1X.\8Z3\0_6F:_H.

MB.XN+:2!P1EDED5D!#
%4@GU_QM^V]\*_A]\0/A7X7U+QC9-J_QM

MT_GB/R!B1&&PR!^

MTR]TXZ:KK*RLRW4
192(9?F0

MOFU=+U:U2ZK5:'O]%?)/PZ_X+J?LK?%CX=0^+?#_`
4QJ/A^X\5V/@B.['AO

MQ8N;JS\*V'V&YG_M66VC22=?

M.W9I[

M\03^%O$L7V&YM?[-U*'_`%D&9HT$NW^_$70]F-+^U=^UO\//V'_@GJ7Q%^*7






M)^U_^VC\-/VO@Y)X_\`BSXE_P$4\)0WD-@]_\`V?=7V)Y21&GEVT4DG.T\

M.!_V1/VL/C5X?^'?@#XM_P!O^
?%
YMM+T__`(1;6K7[5($:0KYL]HD:_*C'
M+
!QZXK3_:4_X+M?LF?LB?&RY^'7Q`^
NBZ/XPL2B7EC;:;?ZDE@[


M-K_9NI0_ZR#





MAAH%OJ%W?ZU_9=[!Y$5@'-TWD20K.WEB-^%C);'R[LC-2=HN;V2NWT25M7Y:


1
[^7#:O)%@31\3*A.[@'!Q!^SI_P`%P?V6

MI:

6X9R0%YKH?%'[=WP



M\P


OP8;Q6^A)X
/P5=?A47
8TLZJ;Y@PLO



MB7^&G!+_`!-[ZR?+&+5+V?:*5NG
Z52
Y?\`;TYIOJXK75)'Q=XZ^%7QF_X)

32W#W1B3!#!4
9]&T?Q%<Z



_M


6?P[TOX?R6G@G3?%

MB:RMA:+J4.I7VEW

*9=Q49X!(KTGXI?L.?+XT_LSK\&_
M$OP\\
:C\





M_P#!K_IZZJ_@Q_AE%\
W7Q.)#`8DUK[.#.'STOO[0*F//[WSC#M^;97Z(_`S

M%F8

M[SY/E_;/WV_9C=GC=G'%%S^Q[\.+K]J'2OC.WAM!\2=#\.MX3L=62]N46WTQ
MI6E-L+=9!;D;V)W&
N

M
%Z\M.
'?YQ;7E;T/QG_`&WM(^*%[_P4^_:M^


U+
M75N6B=^KY%%-O5\MMK
N3BW7?\_+;3:TH3EIT3FIM6ZRO;='B7_!7G]I[XV?

MP

M)=W_`#S?LT_M




MIT:E)NW


RERJR=6&
M)LE*

W%U++*L










M68M0ND%W8)()%BDMQ)]G8AE7$AC

M`(1^#QUXBN_%FN+]ON;O[;J=UL\^XS/(Y3=L7Y$VH


WNM3&2W2V=3G^^


ME_;O^$B_X2G^Q]R[\[/]%^U^5NQC]WOQGC-?K-7P/IW_``;`_L
Z3J%O=V_P
M/\NXM9%EB;_A

MMLS[;L5B_P#!M?/\-&_X)`^)XO&+^&#KZ:UXA;XQKKQAWK.;FX$IU43\^6;

M=;//N

+TH]Y?
M6VI7^FI?NK%A)/#:SQ0S2$G#/(C


M/V`/VK/V-/%NH_!GX^_Z.[TJ[^&GQ0\3^./!,^C:/XBN=6NI+VUEM[IG8S%
M+R61R9%1C%`A`PI_I#_`

2.6-E8=4<9!(.02#\T?%/_@W`_8Q




_V%OA7_
M`

MR\-:&&A0GO&-N_VF_*RL_/7UT

M??M:J



MCN_%FMK]ON;O[;J=UL\^XS/(Y3=L7Y$VH






/AE\5OB=\

M?!J2XD\&SP75Q:1:&9XDAD00R)$ZF.-%R(ZJ%^4N;^/?_``35^G[3?QC

MB:YJ%M-HGEQI(39^5.HM3*?DG
(0W
8$4QEC`02?%'_@EO\``;XT_L@^'?@+
MXH\`6^K_``I\)V_L?19-3OD?3S;JRPLETLPN0RJ[KN,N65V!)!(/NF@:':^
M%]LM

M56^RE=WO?D4&H4X=%&7

:;-J$D
$;237!C0E8H
MU4$M([815`)+





M



M\3V'Q'ET_2_AU\2O#/@&V^'SZ7I[6GB&UU*/2_-N+B0PO?B\?^TY983#-#$H

M;0/:%FN6%A;/YMPTRAX8SY3(98YO4?$_[2?PAU#PL?V@=6^!6H7GQ2\$^([;

0=_P#`+XB^

MO




T06#38%L53RK)K+9YLF)E`C$?

-Q
MJ
-[).;;47:22&V:60SS*OF





%D:&`QK
^&:&/;DHN)
MI24'2J/:












MKFBW5[K-S!Y^FZO!X
OM)

ICEY3;SV7P5\2_!CQW\/
M=)\9_#:[^&WB#PQX3TVXT32M8\*M9WUGI5D@B
UE;2VNY8XAY$&Z&
@?N8\K

UWU6C7WJQ
MXQ_P37^

_BW5--MM!T;7]-U#Q?=^$AKDLEX;I)=EMX=N
M985TYA;QO;R3J)&9KA?
F`IY#:?!33?@A\:[OXMZSX%^/QB\/ZE\35%C\5

RQ2\BL[F9;&2./4(%-K&T!LVV&&3W__`()L?%;X
M.^/?'B&R^$?PH@^#]FIL=?GTJ+0=


M
*/2E;S?



M%*/@#=?M1^$_AUX(M]2^$T7WBZ.^N=-^(&FG6=.UN*WL;R3[.FF6$W[J_E
MS&+SX@JPM(6/E[&^:/A]X=^'O[4?!WP)\0?AY\,]/\`A9H&A_$VDT#2]&@



M;V\H\A(8_M2X:

9=-4FG%=6D[JRMLY\M2/-



(/VC_@'\<OVD[;X7-+X^)/C&\TS6]%U6&V;3M8.A6T1M_MVFZ@N]I8!.W






XB1(PSD;B$15R3M
$_%]IXK35],@M=%@TYM*CGM;I+JX6
MY\^#^SYY8?L\,D3Z'SQOOS^@5%==:O*I6=:2U;;MTUES_+WDG=6?GJ[Y22<




=L


V_P%3Q#JNKMX\U+1O'MQK&BQ6$\NLQ:G):R6H:


92

FH&[7^S)8X1##+$



MA[]CKXQV=H^K^&_B+XDN[B;P=J'C*+P^?$;;=
M+:&;5I=&B;3Y;CSH)5CEQ

M?$;Q^V@:G-)JT%NTG@S4]T.TU&^CPQ/GV]SIG[N-@)#B0J,.WZ!452G:49
M=H\O_;MXMJ^^JCR;_`VE;1J(W2DDWJ[WZWL]?6[YM;^]J[ZH_-+7OV$_C'\/
MM.^'_B#1-

#6T2I(JLE

<;R:2-$$5LL:R'ZS_X

`B=YP



M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H



E\B%2X1(S)
M(0J#+LQ+&W\

MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@



M?\

.*P.?^OCIS

A0R37_P`0_&\$4]F@&2[6VEQWD+X')!O(



M



7




Y?'+Q/_R'OVCKO2-WWO\`A#/`NEZ=M_W?[2_M+'?[















M'P=UOX*:#X`BM_$][K.E?#K5'MO'GC671'LX%35[:R:U@L-/25HFN9[A3(8X
MD7*J&3QWP5^R]\2]5^'7@K5[3X5_$32]'^#W@KX6^'_&^D7'AB\M;O7K[0_$
M4EYJBV=H8PVJK#!F0201)?,`B:1B5K]OJ*VIU':JQ2YE*
_+FCS):7O:TF

K_6
M=$UCPW9^

ODNJNOF_
JL6`
M].^&%IK=G^T?XV77M0TO4KIO#NB-%)8:?)91I%]JU?:C*\TQ9@=Q+!@!M&
M

/^Q7T/_P!*]8J6U:
5M%**](I)7\[+5]64VW*4WO)RD_63



MY`8E3AG_``T)\5OCM^[^%WP[_P$7T6;[GBSXCPS6$;KVDM]&C*WTW^Y=-8'
M&2&/`/S!IW[)?C7P7\?_`(S3?%?X3?&[]HS2_&/BJTURPN?#^O\`A[1_FJP
MC0-(LG-SI$^M6?F2I-9RP[+J*9/+@A96+




M9)G3E?




M[N3%:WD
:[F*@)!]VT71;/PWHUIIVGVMO8V&GPI;6UM;QB*&WB10J1HJXJ



MBCO;K9$S[)/
$;;7M1TRZG#M'%<16JO
M]GXC<EIRB)QN9=RYCU3]C'P+XSEUUO&EGJ/Q'B\2_86UQ\6W\NKZ2SV@!BD


M%%`'&_#/]GGP/\&Y+R3PSX6T;2+G4;^;5+NYAMP;FZNIERSR2MEW=E55+%B
M=JJO0`#LJ**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*

/^Q7T/_TKUBN\K@_#W_)SWC#_`+%?0_\`TKUB@#O****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`


MXU&2[NQJH'4D@O.;_]HN?XG?!.T\6_!2QT'XJC5KIK73[A==73](D56=7N
M6NQ'*6MU9

WB_Q3#.\&IQ


MTOAW\
/VE_#/PEUW78]/\8^+=.DU&PBE7;;D!F$4+2GY5GG$5TT4?6065QC[

YD0NQ8AY"<=@`
M.\HH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***

/^Q7T/_TK
MUB@#O****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HKS_`..'[3_@[]GY[TUW49KCQ!K(;^R?#VEVTFH
M:UK)7&[[/9PAI9%4D;I-HCC!R[HN37`?\(7\7?VH?G\4W]W\&/`\_P#S+^B7




MA5R-1F*--+D@K(EM;[


'EV(K





VV*
$=`OM6U:^L]
`?V8;'2-2\.:[XQUO5OB-XV\-1W



MFB@!EO;QV=O'#$B111*$1$4*J*!@``=`!VI]%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110
M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!
M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!7Y?_`/!Q9XI\


K


M?+S\KW35T_D)?C)\3O\`AZ7\)_$&I?$6XN_A%XU^&.NZWX=\+I$=
00V]MI$

]9\8VWQ!











CQE\=?C9+XNU+





R@9)`H`\]

M9
IC
DL:[R`@W9+`!B

MI1YZ7Q0:E')'R*KP3P8=&DV@E53NOA[\,]^%7AFQT?P_IEOIMAIUI%90JF


A(U!





M+/'[FYB[@_9KQN8W/8C[2@!S@L`,G_J_VD?&G_`&/B_\`#KPC;2=8/O@

?S%@G]G0/%8L%X`+P



MA3QU-HT?E62^(=.BU2*W&X-D1SADW;@#O(W9`.:ZWP-\/=`^&'A^/2?#6AZ/

LH[2W0X`R(XP%!P`.G85L44`%%%5M9UNS\.:7/?:C=VUC96J[Y


M2T*.TD

?C!K8\16_AO



MD
A88*KEQ\*_MP?$SPA^T?\`M.W_`



-T&@PW/VS6KK_`*XV$&^YE/(X2-NH]10!





_B6=%\BT0%IK@6D5

'R3]L3]HO4?C)^P9J7AS0/BGX1U+XAZ[HT7B6^/PXBD

M%.'P1XBTG7]3\


M^
/[05K9_#?Q!XO^(?C3P?K.FZ[X&ET+1+(K9^#+?4E@UE+BRTK3K5+*:6SL

M[1S)H`Z_;]2\C6






MZY?7SQQ6%FMQ+`B-



M/)/`^W3=-LR\D;37`5I&8*MQ*


M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB

M%)?RF[78CLB(JEW;&`?LFOD7_@K;_P`$Y_&/_!2+X7:7X+T?XA:#X;\*7$GE

3^9AE4@.(DY*I3:5US1OTTOK=Z









MM/CE`BD552ZNP[@!5D8B
_2G_!-W]FT?LU?L)?!'PEK'A;2/#OB_PEX%T?3-
M9@MH;=GMM12QA6\!EARCLTXE+.C
'8EMS9R?=JD9^:E]XVUKXNZ^;#6/AG^V


MWP7\(^$])_9]_9/\


T9F1Y



HVHV2



(S



5**UMK)W3[6T33Y




M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4
M444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11
M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%
M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`





/^Q7T/_P!*]8KS7_@DY\6_$_QV_P;GP9





+?\0_]








M4`=Y17!_\+?\0_\`1*_'O_@7HO\`\L*/^%O^(?\`HE?CW_P+T7_Y84`=Y17!



MYR=NW..!0!U5%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%

MPRL/A!\.%^'EW?MJEQX;F\/6MQIEQ=


M:9RTJH!MYW.BM\_?LS_`/!+;PU\/[C]H_P/K/PO\/VOPC\4^*-%U3P?HA:



M9X6M;7PS_8\]VKW?VK2+H3NTJ&2566%UE#51&/LS_@F3^S/K?['7[!7PP^

M




M01(S.UU

_B-KVCZ)X1.J:)\7_``]\.=
O


M7Q=D@RSO*'8


M9NV/MP](_;I^$WB+0OBCJFF^-=/U/3_@O=2V/C*XLX9KB/1[B*`3RPY1#YTB


%DDH9_.=?)M)541J4CVL?E










M

M9XZ$[7598T;:^5.,,

MQNJ?\%#/@UHG[/G@GXIWOCO3K/P-\1[JQLO#&H3V]Q')K4][(([:*&W:
3L[
MDY(\O*JK.VU%9AL?&[]M#X8?LWZ-XUU+QSXOL/#=A\/-)M-;\07-W%





KT:BBBL
M38****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`.$^./[4WPQ_9BM=.G^)7Q&\?#V#6'DCL)/$VOVFD




$_]?\``EQKD/A#
O_`+/OP6TK]FWX^/AUH4]_<Z'X!TP\.:=-?2+)=2VUG;1V\32LBJK2%
M(U+%54$DX`'%`')_?\`;^^!'QZ\;VWAGP-\;/A)XT\27B/);Z5H7C#3M1OI
MU12[LD,,S.P506)`X`)/%?+W[0?_``5K\6_L]_\`!9WPO\]7TKPE#\'-6\-



U3X;^/H_C%!+\=?AY#J-DWBJ_\`

FC:U8


M/EW5\5*;3;23?






M'[&GQ@_9^;Q;J?\`PJKXC76J?V!I]C9I:W7@FPU`;Y;4LZ2PQW#S/$&C4*
MD@C8.%W'3$+W*T:3U][D[[02O?2[?

M:U[29YG_`
$/O^IWQ#_`.GNG^
M8\0:/X6F\*Z#;6$2:UH6F7&FV]GK
@D

VSB\B
4;B;B


SF.[9FD9EBQ'MD\T_9Q_X(

5Z
M$$(


MK

_9F^


H=EC^2+?(LPUNIZ-M6[:SDM?)1Y



M;MH(/M.?/CQY'D[O+P?
W8W)C)X;XL_\$7+7XKZUKNIR_$6YT_4[KP5X1\.:


M_P#AUJ.CZG-I5WI'BW3HK6[62

M)_`[XVVEOH

MEQ/

MR;A_*DVQ/AV\M\`[3CT^B@#S#7OVW?@OX6_MS^U/B]\






/]DZC)O\`
M+LKC=*/)N'\J3;$^';RWP#M..G\!_&_P7\4_$GB/1O#'B_POXCU?P?=BPUZQ
MTO58+RYT2X.[$-U'&Q:3Y'^20*?E;C@UU%%`'P-^QM_P5-\9?M4_P#!1/XA
M_R75OA-X?L_A[XEU71-1\#:O9:CIGC06-N@^Q:M9SO*]MJ


M!J)M]


6V
SL0Y?Q
MOP/_`
&[MSX
^.'P0\5Q?%GP_!IWP`^P66@:?I_@'[)-KNG6E\US'%K$OV]H
M[NY57EV7$4



M27\F];**[;S)B(@74.KH&$C?(N2#:_;J_8C\??MG:=KGA&+XO6_AOX3^-M)@
MT;Q-X:F\)0W]X\2W'F3RZ??K/UK-/?)8SQW:)M5TC5L[E1O&-!2U:LY=M:





&Z++R_
3V'BW_`()%V7B#]H*]UJU\
M:?8?AIKOC71/B)K7A(Z0\MW=ZUI-O'#;&*_^TA8K1S;VLDL+VTCN\+8F0/A9

?\`:OV#_AHWX$?;O-\C

M%/$5O+<Z3JR*LGDS-!-Z.LD4T4B$-'+'*B2(ZD
CHK`@@4`?/?[/_\`P5;\

D!(P'4.K*6!Y&Y2

$.


$2J''E$





M;3X[@1/J-R8KT((09U.TQ1&(1J&W#V7_`()P?\$J/AG_`
$[OA%X8TW3?#7@

MN9:]&N5)OWHJSO*2E)\L'-TY*:U=[;:-JR=UV?O-:1D[JT8VBO#_`-J3_@HY












X:



M7;'5666\$6E6

=_P`-?\$J_P#A'?V4_P!E[X8_
M\)YYW_#-OB;1O$7]I?V)M_X2+^SX+B+R?*^T'[-YGVC.[?+MV8VMG(I).3YG



M\M?7R[WCN(`LT8%O^Z^;*4IN-TM==]M%4Y=OLMJGS?:NY6TU6BC!-)O3RWLW

UM-0CVUU?4+2X6#48+?K&7LDF.R/?



)%\3:%)K.B?V[HTTYMY
M;9TN[$3V[3+Y4[ED\3QR!'#$`HWEW_!)3_@DF?^6C_`!#$?CZ'QI;^/Y[.

6QSO?S#MSH;5/:=_=]+1_7FMM]


%UM`O_


\



M1\_NMK^!\





M_;:A^
EKX6UW4I?@1=_\)1KMUX;T_5/`?Q#G\86DBPV$U]-&+M=+MT69?L^6
MAD*($&_S2^R)^O\`#/\`P4`^%OBOX

MX94M6LH+BU2:^6X=E2%K5)1


M*_\`A2HGA0Z2;M;BS_V&N/*-YYPNO[/^S@RF')M,H7KZ_:B^-'Q+^#/PXT
M75/M6F:=\2M(_9Z\1ZU/?7&EVUS/:ZU;C1LMYDD;.(Q


M));N.&-/-C+








MQ.^&GPI_9C\



MOY?_`







ADC0


MPT;YO-EC:3RQ


MD3=!!^U];_%C]FB?XC?'1I/'=M-)&FG'66N/FG7
+



;C2?$%A!J5E+C'FP31K)
M&V.V58&BSY)66FOWRC&%_OI2U5G?F47%IWMU%SI/1W_!-MK5/;G35[JW+S*4



2)*OK'[7/[4O\`P@'P]^%$A_:*O/AGX`\1^&M0







M30]&\.:



M93)@N/T5HK*HN:E[-::6OKOT=[WMWUYG_
.&DU-ZVDWZIVNFMNG1*/\`=/QH

MWC
4Z+D1QK*J
\




M?VV/B_KWQ(_:)T/5?&7P]ETS0=(\80GP!=W5OJNHZ18V*
NGW\NE'1`8([A/

QV\3W$MS*Q+%
MWDEFE9I9I7=F=Y9&:21W9W9F8D[]4Y)57-:QM+1^=DGVTMLNK=K:W46^1)[W






MC25/TQHK)*T%#_[]?=4$_E*TVUWFGKR:W%I.[71K[[Z^J?+9]HM;29^8MS








@:1OU?HKI]HG4YFM'-R:[WY4U\U'5[:^ZHI6
VGR



M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`KA?V@


NO`&KW
M6KPQS61NH[QY=



MX(!;7FDVCWQ%G=VBPNJ7%R]
M[

']J6MU\2I/B+
^I7FAZ5:6]A+?9TBST^2S
MA^U7(AS+]D9E

;GPUJGCSP]J\/C/59?&N@0^
-(U+5Y()


'_!*RT_9]
MU[PGJ[WGPMLK[PQXF_M]K?P/\

TTDT@ZI'


M%(2)AFO2_A#^PA'\*_&^CZVWB5-1ETC3_%E@JG2Q$S#7=9AU
L&\UMOD^4(L

M'_BW\)_B5X
^%W@^UUJ]^%UMK'A#7?$7B&_TC28K&YN]%BT]998)QK#7T*30
MZ;`GV8Z9+^_Y%RD3
P]R_:8_X)I6O[1OP9^
_AEO&-QH&K?%'69=:TO7+;2X
MYI_#$LND6VE2H$=\3I+;Q3I(

M+1*RT%&3A-3AI9*W;3FU]7S.]]'U1\T^







?V2O!OP


M`


LBR%@K$;3
GMT5U=


BV`R(BR1
?VD_A[XE/C;X:^&KJ;2+SPWX-TW5;C6=%N[K3]0BOVEU#4I;V

M9);^R++Q#IS7]I#]FDN%N'MFG6=XF1``88Y&^=6*B

Z_)GC_P#8G\0Q:/\`

Q?!






MH?






6'PS^#'C2&TT\6^D^(]7\0:AX5\7^KAG8RS:?J-G974V''EL!#)9
MLIB8




QX`)R3P*\'_9P_X)I^&O

OA7\


MU#4]/@@D%AJ:::[J/M!DDCEG=#')&C1E70.T;R1H_EV@?L@?$GP!^QU^SQH%

3


M
^H-8^-&@Z7XVTSP]'?6-[JE_J9TF:&'4K-9=.G^Q27H66*2992S0H&1)))
MM=7*


KWQ:OARRTO4TN[I(=6N].M;UDD0`0VLXG2!D(





\]W#;ND31E'VREO

MMS:WX5_:-MOAJGP#^

UZIEUA)UB5KF$['
MB68A^(R00.1^&G[&7CT^-O#7C/Q+_P`(=H^NS?%F[^(NNZ/I&J75_8:?`_AN


MF9$\R23$


M]A)*J[2-S+IZY^W;\)K'P?XOU;2/'/ASQI+X&NXM




D

M=/+DW2XV+L;)&#7SOXT_8B^
GQ^C^
-[XGET#P:WQ!\#:EX8A\-6OQ/\0^
-



M`:N*6BDXM^5[M)7UM=.



Z-J.L6
MCP7.HRSC9!I\%M%$1=0*IB0



`!C
NJ6Y0
MMM)1)254A5;O?#'[*/Q





M@:


;6[C




M_ANR\




R.XD`QEF*U-)3FKZ*]GO]F;7
MKK&



H2

MHHZV6M[JQ[[\`_VNO#/[1





:#_P`+)\!?VYXVMDO/#NG?

MQ+X5\?)XJT?1?^%D:Q9

MU);/.=D4
SS@-
U
M[P+_`


MYN5+T2]YMI73T2L[?3_Q_:G^&/PC\,Q:UXL^(_@/PQH\VJ/HD=_JVOVEE:O
MJ
ZO9B2615
ZM'(#$#O!1@1P:QOC7^VK\-O@-XVT7PKK?BK1'\9^(+S3K6Q
M\-6^IVIUJ:.]O8[**Z%H\JRM;++)EY%4@*CXW$;3\W?M!_\`!
/Q=XH^%/PF

****0!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`
M4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1
M110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%
M%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444
M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`
M4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1
M110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%
M%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444
M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`
M4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1
M110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%
M%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444
M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`
M4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1
M110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%
M%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444
#`?_9
`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
November 30
 2014


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Performance Shares
 Activity [Table Text Block]
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the number of restricted stock units that were granted
 vested
 or forfeited during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 by grouped ranges
 including the upper and lower limits of the price range
 the number of shares under option
 weighted average exercise price and remaining contractual option terms.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Short-term borrowings
 total
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
1
015.3
        
1
021.5
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Long-term debt
 total
1
014.1
        
1
019.0
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member] | 3.50% Notes Due 2023 [Member]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member] | 5.25% Notes Due 2013 [Member]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member] | 5.20% Notes Due 2015 [Member]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Net interest payments
 percentage below LIBOR
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 effective interest rate
        
        
        
        
        


Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member] | 5.75% Notes Due 2017 [Member]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member] | 3.90% Notes Due 2021 [Member]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member] | 7.63%-8.12% Notes Due 2024 [Member]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt instrument interest rate
 minimum
        
        
        
        
        


Debt instrument interest rate
 maximum
        
        
        
        
        


Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member] | Notes Issued In Dec 2007 [Member]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member] | Notes Issued In July 2011 [Member]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member] | Interest Rate Swap [Member] | 5.20% Notes Due 2015 [Member]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              

 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2013



              




              

 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2007



              

 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2011








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 corporations and other borrowers to investors. The maturities of these money market securities generally do not exceed 270 days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after unamortized discount or premium
 scheduled to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer (current maturities). Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding current portion.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of other forms of debt not elsewhere specified in the taxonomy with initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
 -Subparagraph 2
 3
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Amortizable intangible assets average remaining life
 in years
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#5[D@VI@(``
TV```3``@6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;"B!`(HH``````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#
V]&.FD`4!N#[)GT'PFTC
M(P






I19.4HLG(463F*K!Q%5HXB:X(B:X(B
M:X(B:X(B:X(B:X(B:X(B:X(B:X(B:X(B:XHB:XHB:XHB:XHB:XHB:XHB:XHB
M:XHB:XHB:XHB:X8B:X8B:X8B:X8B:X8B:X8B:X8B:X8B:X8B:X8BJT15:#(
M*E!D%2BRA19!8JL`D56@2*K0)%5H
B:H\B:H\B:H\B:H\B:H\B:H\B:H\B:
MH\B:H\B:H\@J4625*+)*%%DEBJP215:)(JM$D56BRI19)4HLA8HLA8HLA8H
MLA8HLA;_2U;GRSK$IM=__W5,8RZT1:S;MV1O_`_OP]!+FVMEJ/KNC*\UW3S`
MG[,OYA56][7OM]SXX=PG'MNOR\=/1@]6%^_

DL].PS`
QN](O$/D^^IN2`BAI;M
2+LA5![`).X?M8VC)$#W





M__




6SN&
@=Q^:.@]QQ;.XXR!U#IJ!!$`RY':0F5EA!.;


0



M$HX=$@Z&A&.'A(
AX=E&]]#HGIU9'F968'
G0.ZPU4`Q[#B':2[8)A?0Y()M





9-;B
M(,('H1DS(LRP$7,CLE5X!W,.=2$,4PHG3H[G6)7OPS*369
R8P;D_$PF-SB
M
^U$8]V6I9E4
;-\O19Z&]J/5\M$85&)Q(17493FSDQ/&3.M8JZBW[G*5+'X




=16NN=
);H1/
M918^H`IVA4K^3#A]7%P]S\L;L5$&\SBSV3OO8PU[GH88XEKM-;050SLV2`+[

)HCG[N






MP!(BJ-C

!YW)S`W)`;.#`
M4[D9A/*6)0KZO.('GLO-)+RW)`U92025(IUNB;;RS&$AAY[:ISG6^:@7F6+
U(=B5!YC:A[JL-L0R+.Z^6F&
M.\B(M490&5KSMNJ`V.N1YW4SB%O1B+U&<%9&W(E&[#6LT!(HFQI(_81P5D@


ISF)Q86

Q7N
M)I[F?(KLRJ

M97\4W_H
AJ/=/67G\+W=Y?\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#M[366D`4`








`I?(@03DD8TR)3]1@;A


MKFAV?PJS7HW




M2N
@*I0?=V&H6R6%V9C+9:*0D
3





M8C`R2QMU-=7RKK.PV.U!;'?


?O:NH62V'61Y):/%`

MDQ@EBFK1H[@E+K9/@68?EQ*#71:G=IOI@!55-%#GX):X&.5+G7MJ:KW$J#O%

Y&[`VQ_\

^GN&6CL$-110`^-CW
MT_T+OU^:[_UV_P$``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`%(M#-\V!0``_A
``!D`


MHR2.YU&5EW6('E;-1WR(PZ$L^!=1O%:\[M!)P\]Y!_&WI_+2]MZJXB/NJKQY

*B*U;=C+9K\^0QYO[-I7O2^U1?/?546C6C%H9N`

-JN58'^*?FUM?X.VI.X_M*4



5E&0@7'
J1
M=*25IL
2-A0$\]$@&`/55YIM=FN5L

M`EJUM%]S6OC
QS
;OASP)$(&*C$2HC)[
;K-[E$FR/G




M;K][E*YK\O7!G2

M/U;#\1H&[QTJWAQYQL_G-BC$:PVU9O#?F[&:ZY_'1%W@F`6XE+GD1_Y[WAS+


M_D7*=AV&HKR0&HN`M:0!SXGQ&DOXR
^A:#G!1WVHKL(XBI9AC6GCFPAK_IH8


M.#EM_0]H7:E'^XVND&_*;D)ZW]/7-CM$Z?'K[0AT&V8DYK`@;%[!?UR58X
M'


M)=YM.+MYH`Z@%U66D-K*PJ6$;0R5(Y/RBOQH!9@/5AA^)HM0D?HEE!]H;
M$&AZ`,4NHI@C%M$`2&3(1VHT4JG3T-9W332\;S.=&\@*]TPE7IA&1P&*-)B

MA?$BE3T



MRNV?4:YF.N;M8:[LFO`S*4A5:]DUP94%P/+8#5OGCU:PV4(TYW8W@+:7LX



\

\
\5S2F



5`%@O%30!NDUH/2KFO4'I36XA$D1)A71A-J@O/%9B_1;
`
M8NL$
M
JT,;'DF(&I^5D1&M<&`(E%7$9E[/TCJ[E!Z#++(S++T@%8

KBDX+S















MHQU?^\NT.74OZM(X*M4:'N'K4_AC'J[+YY%/PZP^)EU^?5-?7?JJ\(X4N7
M89CM'WINW7?'CW\!``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!FVO)UY04``
87```9

M



VZXOG







/%EU+

=K25

M??.



MF!.M#*P3*D

O

S64

YQQ@Q)3^%!`UO4$+FOY6


MCP1AA.$94[@)FY/HPT0Y'Y

ME7VFS&\H*3+.U)94(H&KJ82O:/J0%6:#V.E7*7JGZQTG.=T_6))[=.
=KG
M!/_2JV4O


L

PP.[6#%FVZ<



:*S9
Q^Y2N

#@0LA1%V;%!3ZA$VEM6#B
N9QOO`&R1(
M1+.
1C2RK.J)



MI7%1
RI@T](5].OZJ))54*RM7&_H$7$&\08)$M$L&S8F#*)G.YI2`9K6D/M)

I%L6VXO0NYO#*/^3F17PQ&-/,E[!%Y%2:
M?D-$]/+MKTP4:B*2DRXX^M';\B[4I7V\,#[#Y'R6DI-E?DZTR,-TB0B&89
M/0E82O&P94V8R`*-;3(


MO
/


?D);%

O*)Q@EWC)1/]E]5[P)4OE\6]RUB&0SB#.(-

M#

XSZ8WST17Y@DU#XIGU?!Q(9[4C-4N@.4^1XFUQR#.(-X@

MF1*/RM
0SY5Y0LUCQ!

X@T2)**G
MI6&O4CQLDW1#CGY@?[5HA68Z&



M+D^H?(QX&CXMGGG6+9/&??-]CI+34FR[&)DS
=X@02)Z6AKF*L7#MDFKW3@G





4



-TB0B)Z6AN5*\;!U
M3HD'#7;8(.(
X@T2)*)9-BP7Q



X@W






M-_/46









PR]`@1682(+$)$

MGSS/
1
5_J:71Q)8N))4-DU5]0HW4[N4)C[#TD)%RTW$(T2P@160'!+$6O
M@UE2DF(OG)24L




M*R`@&ZT.1A:EPFY(*49I-PRMGF4414!G,$;\M#E`'AWOP&9@G
3^;;V5K]
M9B?

MB$I`B




F;#7HB^$:



MLJM%#1-5&8RJ

M&%4E


MX8&^K*B%_T8V'Z^1O@O(7&/1Q[96/QJG16Q;1`YWM2-]*]'W^Z^'_[I__?KX

.)_G(_?T]?


$%``&``@````A`'$&==/A!```!!(`

2UZFN/EV7`^WM


O77?=A&&;7V25M8&ZRAJ0DVJJK(./S3ELKXW
COVB
MJ@SC*%J%55;4OHZP:3X30YU.12Y3E;]6LNYTD$:660?\VTMQ;4VT*O]



ZC
6N([ORU


*_69MOE@NR=[:Q]J;&E)M

)`X^

09*53#.RDZ9`)A
M5D=RY
/@98T9LZ2VQ1DT@9KX`0


M^N@4B$D_O*]@HG2!Q-O91N/17!_``Y/;H.S`J$ZWLF-O:Q%TR8U,?'2&O_

M(44V/0@CMT@*7BJI6#OXC.A4.J*

\:


(+P!

__O<W+1)N9U$`

!-QB_O]G_#P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`/@6+1?$$``#)$@``


BYX;6R
6-N.HS@0?5]I_P'Q/H`A
MER9*


5M%RG60D78;!@?;#2\7'AD%YZP?6_(=!

F=DYY1-7DZHUPNSFR!-3


M@HMAL)VAMI:SZ'YAPC[N\&5





\PNIGE2D-]P3I5^`SLLW\LA5F

X:4?.T

MK\3*:_EP+K^0LY&0)W*PA4PBLRLY$UGXA2S

MRT'Z'X'[A0S7?BHL7;-Z4E?1LGWMM7D;0)O%/!%O*'=F?YZ[H/2G9K83
F




RYX;6R4

MM+?=A]UDYO/





MC*30-RWIT


M#+3U!M/UNTREUV)*IQI!6#$@NHF-'T)[`JL2:@:#F'RT$2W0YDAZ*;$-.2D)
M@F!6YJ
?;N:S@H




4?KT0&XB

\JKJG$*\
M-%!!3R.E!6OH@E
M.14_0ZK`6X/`MGCWQ^]N`T7FJ/HX2HY?+S_P@XW)$#\!G(?KIBTR@_NMP
M^`\``/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`)T+%/.L!0``+14``!D```!X;]W;W)K

MU6H_GBDA6J`&A[[[_?
3;@&:?9]J%M9@[CXYGQ'.+ME^_UQ7DKN[YJFYW+
MO

M0M/OW/
?5?GW<OK]:%HZRN$

!4]<?[\=$_1/5;[WQO].?V[??^FJPV]54T*V



E
RKC`

PR(;0U
M96*D07HM)@EAHD!,\G_;1QMO3:AFK#D21@&1&:%R$R]+*V4Q(9VCP(M:V34

D8X3Q!\MTP%EC\F1N91X2M]HMB@2
M#JE&313G^FB&:AIK;X2]`C_[$3LY
&^P4W

MEV)AQG+4$L;&F69J$A/&I+E2C=*


M)0*$
;NU7^$TRI!NRR),V+`L?J
#(R3/KJM$4]$
-4H-43#D*0H

OORG:^2$)2


MX!%LT!1ED@^!X?A[%

M07A##
*`G-.4*]24W=B+R$G/-
)D9`@(9G1#'
S1K
0!#N`B#F%`516NI
PW


&W6&0






^BR5\


9_;!;7QR0@?A78Q.KSE00_8ZYW4'GH='7F8=PQF



W#-@^)5/8GV7





MW6^;GW]:743U6A\Y;QRP4-9K]]@TYZ7OU]F1%VGMB3
O864OJB)MX&=U\.MS








M@P'.K)H18`\SL*I3H^Y/4Q)2E:D7W
ZL4AFH3CD)1GS0HX7Z8%4G'4!W$$K`




M1J+@CL(H5HWI:+TKA*&,92!G`$C#-2(@.+'X\IXU=A&:)H(V])&)90!K*#
M&PQPHG6#IPS

)97129C%+-VV3K^


ME



MKPD

M


04@C
ME
8AH`%L[*F*$A37+I(B8MQF*=-KDJ$`]:-/%B&`^HR2MG::5R

M%SLTWJ\JU(KMS
['#34X9-6DZK@&0HTFDF+2V\Z*RVS@NKL*#T@NK-=S1]

W(Q8?YY
..67U=U





MY


M34
4(:[NBE!
Y3?B2M263



M70D5
L!QL\6$&


DM-K%&A/Y$D0H4

2&&
M



M965T-C


OSJ+A6_\'[_QONY]_VEQ%^]J=..\]L-!T6__4]Y?'
.S*


`MEY\J/_7:M^?

MB[[8;5IQ]2`[8

M7BH'4HHD2')-HHQL9
CM2;NY



HF9U460Z5$'94Z*'@DD(0J


M.2I5-K;^H

M=8B@/9(/EM1]B*:ZK.1Z9?NZP[#00^74MT_WLC6PC-N6
Y*;(U2!+
MW%&#5
MMGR@R\K@`[.VW[AQ

RP)C2[MJ#2S#5\Y(;HY0


68
B0W.53!C=IMN@ZK\O\%;ZS=
M.GCV2!X;(U3!C1IM*G!K]*W@(0NN)/*!%9J7OHP
X:($Y_%'OD20OAXML$#7

+@4ASY[T5[
MK)K.._


M.=(9:32:RW

MX[@=#O?S/%O.9_UA
SQM#R_W\__\6UU=SV?C:7UX6N^&0W\__[
?Y[\]_/4O


ML5\_34'[W:)8+IO%?KT]S&V&V^
E.8;GY^VF%\/FQ[X_G&R28[];G[3^\77[
OO%IO

MX[]QI-:2]/*-)
SH/


G
GOA`GI\K!M5+&

M8@=



M/5T!`.G66P84[GMZ@K'B%;E&ZSAY;F?0

Z2F#$%J[0B]P+
M\3Y((R]

]^S+I_5G0N)8R.^GD2R)`HB:#B+M'U.
M


MW=TQ1#!$

5\M4K[:D!V\




M+C.
4



D0



40P1#)$002K


M1#!$
D1!!*M
F#

U?$U5O'BIHZA@B&2(8HB&5YSVSOL@S'0NJ9)[).)(AB)8


D0Q1$L
KS7E=;2_IL
M=[4LJ)(BPF6*'

O'4L
E*V5M&GFXUED7I6A-9%6JPG1'I(<I9


M5G6KM$K3M




6'2E6Y?@NWFQ7.PR
FR?%L$:3+:!8G*48[ILT#

M8)O!+()4JN\LUIG`V(-TD,11\LTP]0%'HRVGHC&.G!*!DL0G`S^`+^R-?9



M
6`MQLAV-KO_OF.;$)(@=?
0\!S?V#/C(;U_%0UZ84ISV68X#B*
6$MEP=LJ
MP[]_/=VM
=*&M`5I9
LR_
8TOL\_?DB/4CWKFC&#@-#J#-?&=-LPU+1F@NA`
M=JP%32F5(`:6J@IUIQ@IG)-HPB2*EJ$@O



M53Y8K;
!L0;I2QY'JV4:OD!2:&^T\T;0TH-1
EB$$&:(!?Q1K%

*[V
L8@&


*^.(Z^?




C[ZT69%E</(]S7WQ.C.AZ++%=5]ESFUQ:#U/DE;4%_<RYN

.^OP3+-^MC=
M!R=\661UU53'=@[A%BC4G?-NL5M`I



5YOMCT2);!1X[Z.L

MB8JN5):KH3+

M$L48(XG(0F#3R=KZP90N.4;3
9O-BH]A2M=

M


M(*8U@'Y
Q






MYHUK)

MM4SWBQ`[`228^H[T0


M^IG+8O\%OI




M:&5E='
/SZ$@9!Y?<I+7M-=^)N*\-/^CP_;.V^?Q)52&4$6NS

NXRED=8H1-^YX8

.$K5K1<\+.
(%R




H19.K62

M#G1`$

MMG]F^*T


]MG*B7_H0*^08P37:9/;

MP7GY]E[M09-KT3J?#9/$&*KSS!`D[(S#GU73B\S^JA+EH:^:DFH\


O-HG5A_SA[+B(DF$;'`R:BO=K-L;?/R

F?`L%@TZ?^+EG9[HN7N[@Z%


M:&5E='

5=N.FS`0?:_4?T!^7RXAER85IN@;5=JI:KJ
MY=D!`]81K:3[/Y]QW9@




5[R^PBLXZGL[&@-9Z-*O!5S.7?^1@
MX2GR?J:CD1IA9IN9)=`07I(#J6OA9.S4ZA641$/4+-$]+%&]B;PA`;NMPR7Y
MAGE)6^'4I(COKN!$7S!LV#9)W^GQZ9A*VF?U;PMB)PO7T7P`5CLG]0BW9X
M_R5_`0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`YPRF(;0$``#5$```&0```'AL+W=O



M&V.$Q^XS






M\YH]I^YI=VQKXDQG#Y.;D+LGY/Q*F]`\FZ*A01Y!32-W#'0#97SR)/`)PN
M4MZK780@9W/?P!T#V1S:T]E\[)E#3+VNPA!6!:OK7/7M_0;RL@=\$WT&[3




IAJA
M4GJY![

EG+[`NB_4&T9


M]4&4W2\WZZR%NQ;*X&/IA:M@V*-A?1`%SV%\/UV2V4JMIIEZ$?BU65374=3/

M;/X#``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`+/08LSP
``&L


`Q]'[!_
/P^V[)S:8(DP^*AVX`-






M0:#I#C1`I&-$$G5!0LBD2P=JM-)IT]!6-XUYO]YDND?(G6F83CVU#`X#%#G!

YZT]46U(\CBL`P.!\C0)AG*




X'AP#?S_@



M='

BYX;6R



H9*V_6A
M@@[DV(.6'S?A%[;:YRR


P@8P..8V
M`T)8HD:^6$095;#'_%REYT.2D
/&


DPLRPS9D1D+(B
&[V
4OIL



M/*G;WE38'KYM;QKD[M^3)






ML;!L/V-#[O=E(3)9G&O1]
9(*ZJ\!_[=L3QU5VMU\1ES==Z^GD]/A:Q/8&);



M'/3!9XUXAI!V)


`$*?







KNU.R\




M$#D'KR(7]OV:F]
%R`2^
M)6URV-7\YD!7`%53):+'R!8BI5'



(V/KYQ1W(H%O-THE9BV[514(Z!!&QD^^'./+(N@
85&N#ZEXY
6I1

MFTJ)AN*3-^_=E6RI4)?-K(J0J-[PC@&5.V`8:I$@AEZ&V,R
6.


M/3@\$LIIJ]N')QN%LI5*YWU`3C_T`84:B3[N`W21#RB4JM!JV@?HN`_(8:LR
M0Q]0*/2!IPD?H.




*D//`?.6_O%^++1O?%Z?`_````__\#
M`%!+`P04``8`````$`%PQRC9T%``#C%0``&0```'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O
M<VAE970W.YX;6R



M[;&$$:AI]]KBM/

M2I4#




BJ8?SJ2KMX
/B

M1N

M
U3S

^;E-3R2*IP%DAC1UZ%2O[AMQ7M
MFIZ<6$IJ*9(JG(6WBS&O7&WSBO:)IP%*T3'1)M:BJ0*9^--P$HK9S.PTHH4




M7P```/__`P!02P



T2?)X
M:/I;J&9XF'YDCO%\[MNN'MOGH;LM:I*INS8+\
^7_CZOLPWMCTPW--/7Y_N'
M=ASN

5C?^V7[W+2
!C:AR]/MW%J'J^P[F\D:]IU;OF+
_W0M]



R



M#+
F2&TKU)^$7%X$M#.

1`
M9O!@S1N\E4*
VA2[Q+Y#Y4I26\%=!463U!X)

X^(AWI95



8;Y5C/G@H?(!RF&;D#%F
METBE18IPQYRJM^
EWO':Q!TH8;/N-A+EOK97H+JNM$A!T2R/T$9S6T!W6%`;
M@8



M=GE$WS$K;JMSIY_61N`PA_V,I[WC+2#!E#158/EXP$M1QNA^$E!%U?&X$#

6K7=UBPP)






M(
9M
M7Q_.VLFQWJW/-/[3R_;U-'C;;_Z-N_WZ^.7M]9=-LW\E%P_;W?;\5^=T.MEO

OKLOPOU^NSDVI^;I;)&[F1ZHG'

M?&FIQ6



/C5P!@&5AG`C*)V1U%2X3.M2^1:LT\4D[(8[\0N&



MOU@P1NAZZ*)D!





2
[(B8)MWL8\Y39`P]S(F-V;X&#S9E=0=(7
MW`IJE*;5MZ%DK4SK?&YCME7
'BPLQUA\X9BZ3#0Z8UX3K86Y:![

ME

3GL5
M5
\5LU


M






(G0!&3!\:\%Z5I`B!_KLD&*
M`ACT!Q&7?8


SVK*'

M`X]'I!%

MD3@Y



M4=9@8,03Q+Z[2A-,-BW1C^JOS=.$=^RI[+[A]Q^Y
7YTL'Y5[((;DH82;X


_C`;*0':];H#2RD

MH0?;4:-G;EGIM6@:$^T1I&U9TY!J!C(Y[+CW9E?N#Q6C1VGS6Y94MU`&4G+M








C\`!\$J(;OH`@^.._)W;_

M:&5E='


O/V6




^&D[I1DJ?;;
MF3LW7FAQCKVXWR8##$(


M/MHO#YU(CTI-&TE`-$AC)(D%@G9BR=8Z!]/7DJHX*:SG\#YEHBIUJ]/=(
M2$!(2`@C)(DUHD9@6R:$Q&H7JHO`:TKI=']QR1P
0D)881$`Y'5Z*&&%P^C



D&DA;1&2WTJYBQ.*9'1V753MLQN3[Z+G@



$%``&``@````A`/MBI6V4!@``IQL``!

M+T@8;

MS'A


;5B


J0C)Y`6BW9I!'Z9E^D
KG9L



MAAW0.QB/Y!3%&


M8P

M7O






7U_1

MN=[BD
2)AA]^YC/#&5*6KW_]L@U[/_C[0Q#M%OW1^V&_Y^]6T3K8/2[Z?_JZ
M?'?5[QUB;[?VPFCG+_JO_J'_ZYN?_-?U(7X-_2]/OA_WP
3NL.@_Q?'SA\'@

M9(QLO?WWQ^=WJVC[[




EC+S;/R?MKS9RXL6;T6&WXX\9*9M$\
M+V-C5751X;#-6+FOT#C[QX=%?[F$=#$:#AFMV&&6!IO?#6&\S@:[F'4VL\ER
MLKPT.C-.BU6_L0$G2Y-4$@
N/UY^ZHQ.\X.)9G=*PUU%``LXLRP&$+H-\7VY
.6HU+-BN3$,_\DRT*3IA3MC1!:M/
$%5+MI+*%1&1]D2\
MUP#*):$MN
QHM5@LS5('E;90
U2(JWRJ5:



M#;':!\])TLOM)Y'0I!_=1C1)JP=8%(


4CW=)^WT2P-W%_?+N



?Q[&*$#CR*D+@R*O&BL]3K3)W[E6$P)%7$8*NO9JU57?W]\MDU[E:



.F9J;$%=5Y$A?4S)*X0G:.O&YJ9YQOD[#T7(.D

[0DE/FZ7E6S]=TCR:-5AHN5R5^#(]&1`&6@US
MZ]DA#/:@\EPR?RB

MVQDF$PEE74%7UK-5VI.TBO`*NZ*X'0Y/H^EY



M$C6X`(NZ8])!+#WFB$`)[A`P.Z5/W$`\G2!`/:T,@0@T`(!P&E019LX@)LZ
M\B%!`\60,+ZM(2''9+/DAK0X2U'ZA?$;9KGDTF\KFE&^!:$7-,,/#0!:#2E*
ML:Y2#'([1%I!`?S00,$25ETS2]Y(E/.=$8*2+F`H&($TT,2(.56BG`MC%@:




5
29O1P<G1L)/8R*?M/OB62]^\
MCNI])&2`!,$$K,JW:0QL/\HU!N1Z^8!Q%AK&(:I&JSOSEW&]A3/2390;\C%

SJD72'

1UKD6GANZ%<`EW




MJ3NM:&\$JT037MZ]6NBSO%O@SUXQDWZ(&9PE9GLJ

MVN'C


YN%0#J4+WCM=
BZ'-X*Z\[PE3YS4MJ6L%
MK
7&X!TBHMS.`@&-S.F_@&83;P<YD*<$.1W!+Z8O`
M:R!]23;4@FQ`P96)*P.3D$T.F'34Y5*SX
-
+-G<@<)IRH=2.LF0)*T@O\/*#A2,JF4,%P?.)9(R-[8T


1A^NJK;H&-^3J_)2R






2@;

N


E7(%'[:O+%33!4T;HZ#C`DJF*%.EBF














85^%'GON9)/?EC
HK



MR5]]W[N#-3LWQ


S
M?%)E]9.


MWP:/3S%$



ME^*U11_]D
)/WE4-\&^N!]DD!@?6/'UA@]S\6P````#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(

MZ_CZLC'1UN;Z'Z=^\#9)^R




M`-+
_!2=)`B)Q(\2Y?''YM[\
*W/=%!N]=&L:9I;








?.=M*GZ=7Z]%ET`PM[$%

M\Q9X'9V#J.MPCHOH9)2FHRMQ[_IJ@X)FZAE(S8EA8IVYSWK)26/;M=._C*]U
M]/5A'=:#(^D8SCZ8OLC)LYGQXJN9JW+SE2N?
4IS
MVG))$_6)6QKG-RD37S^]/G3[*$

M/)IELE1X^K[X
















N[D\NMM1@.XS?3C^E(

6S001&4`SIF

;+;F`3SD:UZ#)@TD*U;^^1F&N@OU_JT%[`C-,!CI-
MH'HWCAP4L-%`UXY/W$PS=>[X`Q,`]9

7&Y!O15BGI`)S-Y'T7/
M!'&!@H&)SMHXDK&4#2=STL1S0\0`9*STO&0[@#H6&8%9-1P+316+;7!YWL

W`







M4.RVOG3\]@.6@W^N:6^WM\=+V9O\=.[
3\;]@91PI_@L8

LM
M[^-8[-[*L[R(N^=PAA1[2B+0^)GQ`2G3Y`EA8HU.\RNX_$;T3@D!X(`X@C)Y

_

M^$9P(J-UX].?#A8C$C+226QX(/(BF(0F)??0/C8-#^W9J_\$NFB:QN/?S\


M;`(.2C$R^/F_U]


M$J^53BQ4;*TM8J

&J7<H[3(]Y!UR1UGQ!/TTN34B#(QNB7(,II.58N/#16RW\1;F
MG^+@ELXDQ9&58N6C

7Y?#MVC%94


V\8%:#2W=]'*H45MCV(4
M+*`G




MH%3ISKA*(7]E+9H#OW**)8A$KR4(%86$%OK`1YL&^Y3-1'Q
2*?PHZ&9L&D\
MO
Q65PEQZEP+NW*[FJ4\6S%/
(680$RPQ9'41+7*B`


M.JTY



^AX5XNG[


M3G5C[)IJ`7NJ:$;35(L1*0'R\)FJY&2YSSPHJ+_0`[596YKQ9JE/GM04S(?[
M;T0_
(X39Q-H%.

M36
P+C&%%PK.BR*)6$-@DWGCXXU5-M




M:'QVCG%`

M2K1E.9L#P&*0L3H#H*L'!`(]%%8+`Q8+LQ
M
#-`T'A%;S0^R177]&%]VY$_


4/#TZ


M.2=7MC8W-W:6Z


MY=UA/&8AN


M

M5PA^7[IFK$2
+(J


(Y]*FCB=*QXN2DX%B^M-\J





MP&=S`$M!
M8N-C.C


L:
IWD&
MI9UMU*7P8Q?QBE3LP
C8WY[+!=)D;U
2P)4[+5E;4R!$EKO(^]=D3DM_=7EQ

-96.^\L4?+FTOAR/$JD9?W_RF
M@39]V@2T-1P`KFU\J3



MF]OEM


M']]5*F!(


M:5;%I$X?13-BT9681=EL.&
1P

&`GCE+
.-.OS_U8PQ1

X
LSI(E+2YJ31

'.THS%+Y1)$=]/AZL]M/EJ^

MH3H
+L*LFGK^B%794DQM60O.4./@`-4*.0!%)JYE[[O^G++40YEQV5-PC4MY






MRN`]XNXZ2QL

M





(*XH6+=QL212WU

\




M$Q@L\KE8Z+#2)4;P+'OXB.3U2_7C





MLK`!')[4`=-J[;;I



M$]_QQC5.



Y3RY-JL!L$7JJ_=_

MM=!)+(2R0GE6:0M.-P

MW:DW3&Y01L

[=W3(W_&\M$9XD]]



^G?-8^7!7

_J5CNF?$59ZK%\!9/5UD$YJGB






M6BT*T0)`]LW6LG3:&;)^
E$$NB`WXMGSWPB^

MR



7X$XR8!3U[TKH@[S^XKP5M










M
XHT7;('M]V=^!))*7S!

M(^1OCALKTO2]DJ?*H#M

VM^]6
MI!Z#KGVEFH$E-


AY/$.CHG:OTO_U4HI@G:[X+B


M'/'8Q3@T/

Z+BXT
9YJM$B



M3\_R:!7YI?QMA-
)3?M[+I@.[&FVU+\4S!\NK(+S\6;9_WRNX[U;#K0@E44G

M'INP](+






B


MP@;]\N([&MRI

J`?K&J
M##ELV\4J?2:3H`XX`']MF%K)
98WN[

MI)M.T'D_IX6I2*H.TOT2O\RG*_BVH;M6CURU.WHU?*C3UL7G$S#GJ^?PZIK
MLR^/:/D9XQ%:*X&

E
:AU.;YJ9

MU8=PQ:4Q0..3VK_':A$:7;E51D6JOJ

M!5


0WG77!.$\['PYFD06JIP7=\_D0\J


FG

M1S2DD+



??0
MU;TLQ(3U(@G&76E#7M*$..D(I=;LR=`PL
#+:0I4R\P%R'(7I5!5SG\-)W

TLV[P_`#F_

SGE=









M_\6*?=`8]KND&Y.J(K4;+@8M5C)57
4G:;%X)QS3UD;$?^&.GL=-6OQ2FRWH

2P
.+SHNE6E-5C./

&:S1+.TS7\.$]H
MMH$?Y20YCP=(J-
H7
QM+OE0^1!^Y#V$(DOF%EV?Q*G]F3I7
]6#%)TX*Y=U
M%/)1G02K(+


M2EA*+N







D-HY\M*IY0H:



M8VF&BK;A
P7GE(A;GQ=FJVWC*V:6
4L$F8J4@1N@YE=XWH4GI58B])`UB2.5
MS+E[QAS.C-H*#!B7E^SV8CVLYDDG#L_9K8-U9,&Q8=:5&%6SI(A'5;HQA:

M(.`+B3$SH.QW3&/+CAQ$.58F:#8QT3MK

H[.AU5SSE<X7F!G;Q3:@%+5N+1-;XH0M*@*J&M(

M[/]M9C+

(`J=T
M66M?3*$^&O=[

MW




`
SD@T:8K8)J#@V9GE[`&#IO#;@:R&+IP

C




_
$JL8@
M&$:OSB-?7.P;M9_.\&5*/A\PTD0`/)6NEG;Q/TH[N291*M4&
\:;*YF#99
MX5?X:8-3([\&BH6^C&RU8#%FK'P&#&B9#G!/.!;)(!P07R@
FZ#_ILBGF4Y6










6&W[YCH6[W]M8_V8U2YMJC*?TC7G5$IE$



6$.D3?*&V@^
M9-TD&/#-L1AF
O\Z+9+2;7=U(R]+L!`5_1))EXK+W\1M7





[;_

O#B/E*Z#A9M=1+G+\)=BJ94O2&2I3K#<^4<EGOU@_D]YRT?AZ


P*B

M$+J5T-1*VQDG;P'N)G
R`5
M@*=M^[
44@*'\U:FY$#S.?6HA]&E$.[*
PRF
M:10L^;PC-%'QJ\Q;H./


M)@Q6`=0#A;.)78[))5A';C\E=(];4'+KP/WDTN&B=6MWK9PFWAG/?F2;HI(K

M?)GMLVC


MJ+2[7A-^7+^U/:UB_:;FA#.7[OT\W+^`5F`C&SGE$AE`;TED)P%%;EQ6!IE
M927@/17W$)'@#],7KQSX%8OT4BH3\19VE--&VVN/Z_PQCRDB67EUXTF5WMN4
MFZR,=_X]XR;Z%AG\309:*=ZT(6.H@(](RTPK70
13]JM8GT[;DK5GYQOOQ?


:.-=K4EV
]
MMTC6EV.M;2XD_[CJW5!T;ZVE9J2B#-D([*@D`J\8]9EA46PRW:.C/KE2

6Y8H(;6&.$Q-.:\?)TE_PP*3F'B#F2

U.[Y*M\AT[I&?D)DTN19^W*0

M-B


HUNT1KHTZJ)Y


M*LN-`7
XQUVYI-'Q

0@4.BE&YPI&44%1=PQUNH5V*R1L:B$X
M5)[-KHH)*;+DXDG[WL%[*^SGMM/A4?PF(2*M;QN$**#2!BY7WX0M:_+;)V
M$JTWFEU-8GY8=&T9)H$$-$A!J$P`+SEB9E)QL'PP`190
UGN(Y%;!B2$0CW2

MWGCV7#]_DM+3[H;

M&@5DC(;#76L9KH*576O[V9;WN&8.MKS2F5KO^\J];BFS&EC/DWEC*;D_EKQ@
MO?F#K*1
:V#-3FN&
]WT'`)*A6;L(E==(E.)G
\9CS334_S4E@X7YG2NDFF$%]<,D76'6%0]+4718)Q6F$



M4HY$^$64&PNL3NA


MYU42E!+Q1S/0'5@:JCU9]GI`);#KN0TY=!$
?HFUCL%&EG']8
MZ0FGH%LZI



ODTF^35]_






I^ESW5JKSHD@=7#/1M8@7L;



MYMC(&C*`
;W/7)`O498SAI8I&_
%T8Z%)51DKIZ!9$:(G?



81[TR'D@$H)(
]4







V&

MC@R:/?:
B_[)B@P(.A%0F6(K
BV_W5+T%]<
MG`





M<\=Q99CLCK$2E

MN^(WGH2PHP]VC%FJF6RT=A+-,GN2!.S*D1^XKI-F$L^OWJSN6*F'],(H-@9
MNF?)K4L!W[&!N9F5'E9KU\M)6EAT8PS=5O3=Z-K.BGII9$*85HBQ&*Y+506
MRUNO]#R*B)%;CI.

MLON


B`A




J
+2;2&1$7H6W['3*%E2

Y1[L(E)A3.`P^@H(T\1P4U0.U#6*`*A;
M$TNV?VU2HI'X

M_;-T6';H)Z]NTY\J8
&B=L4BX,
MVU:@@-.JI!&;C4M(+AK&Y892M'RSZ270-GK+J2BA$`TJ[FH:124-SYBU?@2








MFL.J?2F.;IXQ*#Y/Q[X=1=
Y#Z0K7V5!X?C



(LTQLG7'R\5&]&




$S?9K=R.D#A62VVN_'5=4C\S-+]T@_*SBPTT=Q

$&
M89@B/$DHR&B5CJ01Y

+-W4&#
`0`O$$



M2G\D!VY/^3S2W]L/5ZLH&RR)E0UH8WH





`WZW`T8QP

+K1)6T5(Z1U5N@W1BDF!4GB9(;2





M
N40@%&A=WT7T@FX`Z8N



MDK=5`ZSZG\S8*K5FT5Z-5=W$0/BX1:UP@5D7.I]W?
'^&I$&*%




MD((3AH_/WU_JK/NW





]$0GMD&\D+2V
M
\2L_0.S+OUN+
F-L9BFP7I:KF]JR&AN[8*#J7D2OD)C
)5D*)AY$&^#%5

MQT!7S]



MGTOJ/J@E$
?U#
H(]C+*0=_TJ!IB7F)&NEZC]DB_$%=$^45Q)=$)*PHE?L
M!K9?K8I2C!DK$!MUQI!R@
WM@
V8E,(YW!2L2UT1#QGRD;+8I1%4F!83VG4]H.%61.?3B*
-T9`?[I(?MARL#X88

+-)GA7(MG'.



M]H6&

;7';-?$G7`DZAS8@@:Q9X
=X3C:EKB
M3*3MXG+XJ;CT:#AY7R\U.74B9EW8$2UA0-3O_)%?B.=9#HBAXL\NX/WZ)%2



MHZQ[VAY+B
72314P=!:_JO-H1%\\N$\(;7MW'G$A$3?NS`
]-ZP7/
16+(!C
M



1'&'.V]D&):




?!






LJ^N!&P9
M(:TBD<)9+JPH@XQ]QDEDP3'.)U-7%IT0[,XL0+"P\S#.52]2'%HCA\ROH_,
M+C$D-;N
Q(=L(XX/BQ'3

Y#CV-[J0V]_E<.3:T27*?E[@D+D`%`2WPWK#1=<G7X?E
M[##GWLG(8
3YKO^@JN%
'D
\
2.T$0(8

MP1






\!BAAQ7SH(:UM=^I

QZ
MT%I;O_J5#2.%ZQI:KY]!X)PZ275SV.M=3OI;HQN/W9QFHE3^P0A2:/C:R%:
MN&3Z2B1C*^_,03]'.JMP`C4:*)-KUQ:0XP2SBA!W`3/Y^1XW#]R2AG*0+.V

[)*+3G&FIPA6<573HU21<!%:!2:H
MR+1Q:?[]Z^EFL3!`-L;TP;]U+R[_Z.);^N@-O
-9Q77\_^9?VNE9Y.9(NJCG







[.(+8I^;;U`PTRGL]!'5Y@S

M[$M=_LR?DE)J5+-WE5;GS;VRG921(`Z1TEN]O3EY[/^A:!6!G*:^4K'6+5
M*--7^OT!ZH4TCO3W+837Z1A;Q04)HP*69TQTEXM&:;MM9]^\W2U4IV_92$





MMZ*BVLW=S/)WFJZ


;!;






1Y5'Z*EFX4@?;
^Q9
RCIQ=9NH=*2T-Z'IU^

MOR\B


OW.0*CD5J#1QZL8



E
M
%!VH0BT48P`2T
!%8&`Q$('@$&B5
M[%.#\

(TB?(DV1+*DZT
MOM'J&Z*+[MAQ8X021U.$`]&Q9&0TT79B(S$VY+_N$D4(#RBICG2`!&)$$MTU



$CE]./F2
MO$P^,`168S#QM3C*SU`5%3<H_?84MQ\BS+PRL($+V&5:*\9[*%,I&WFS8HPM
MKIO(5F6L8%J<Z&9\IWY#D)-(%U78
KC=E@$[X5)+:K#8MH-L#2K5'S2:(Y
M^]952@%=I'1JA]`]OHN6@5O_!E&Z#1\/Z(SX'A[9YATM&(FBVWZV(`FU4^0


CS`K&4VDU/O\9%-T(U$FKA9S'7[J3U

B0


MB]L#




MMU+`.HA
XZ26_\;3'%F/&HS_6E6KR
!2;-C*3R
&%P1W
E[&WVQ0-`DQ!N9-
M$@])

7.+12D@





M].
_FS5@
2.'KJ2..(H]U$:&4;U



MHCLF?L]A6HPW7$1PD(-F14V
0_L*8;1$(IR;
8\`M3R0/`?HJ:`C9@(UF:P*

`WN]R!
M

M7M;=2]U4M3MRI%*ZW?J&_#C^UB$2VR



(;A*G_^VEAML#W`P_S$]AU@;




\W8Y1=Y]51UL=
/Y0
MF?MJ!E


VY)N;G2UP/U+I.+@B<(J@)SI/4.P$_O7P(,]MF<SE)2+BP*HA'HX7


M_#&W2`\\0OU.QI`G=)6A+&)KFX\'.%J6F[SX










0';Q-(OTO*0#:G@

H
6R#L*]9@%'D\;0M%Q=__
;E7FS2L4UC#.X&W=28


M!:!;PFG/2O/Q



GPM$C'
FG!@FG$1U'GK





M6WW;DEOV4=0/54T[]'PS9
F+.;

1F^,R:?%4)PUB;.)!SMZ\7\KT%VRDO^[.VCV1!6[5M5J!$MRX9
MC1`@3DJ!6Q\?O(N7C3YNU4!Q^UG1L00W6?3]YG+Q[%5^DOWM6N=B*/D7;/
MZ0Y:




M(16G


M0.$AJOD6#ACHJNU$\LS!++
YBF?=2M$R2`+D7/(;/]^V2^Z\1FBWEK&?P]K%
M_I053VC-8BZ;]?3W7;?5^#!L%K1%1?R['[%C2#
P(FCBW);G


SPK$61!



MS/M+C@

MK6(Z`W'1AP/+QCESH'-OTX0&HMFZ.-;=O:5VDF)'?/3M99$##Z65#1'M1

M7:Z9T]W-O[Q1`]PDJ\5




-'Z]3@KCKP6DMZ:DMY:

ML7I(HJ%6

MI7[WE1
.V'WEC.OLOI)BO:M)GF

=X5]0BV5`L?(1D'D(Q`6N0!C4#*1B-
M_V\)!+*LSX&#QS_B0U&*4\
YQDTOHOFP)\^C9HCU'EDN^R8L96DV/UG=-LN

MF



MBC$E
74R5*;K=SBPD$AI4ELU-`=^X+3
5&Q&`NZ[)'T
1F9XIWR
QU=B^
BT

9+F9
MLI6B()]N'

<PKL.GJ8AJ


MA]7[`2;LNH






$=BD513-&/

M15QC4KOGU%6\8U`;UXGYM\E\C?Z@6HM;Q$D2ZQH:PD^-WG31)A!RW5$H$J
M

MGV=1(?#N;/WRHA-L2T6OW&Q/L[/9[WZSWZ'@5:Z0G*+A[N5*BAE1Y:+RUN@
MB#S3J:]_4_9#2_0Q1DWL))+K$.`XJHCAM@BVE+``^:)?OL5GFDTO;
@/?)S
MIDA]Q+)(

ERA'2L9M#!N

=1DNVMSO_;P_N\(R
MUQ\@^-(F1H.;

(HRIX+0HPOKI)`IC$LJLA*


O&9'?XQ16AWBB\/@GUW=HJIMTVG#M/VMBT


#D$98$$F15+F_G



MJ*CT=2TJJ0F
_DA0@GR$0V2H5[#L9X:_I50#P;&/ZPFL8
MQ
A
3-:%46/'!(+CAN@N=
0B*+83;+N


ECD5=





MD0%$Z
4^O$HY;.-8-%?281&Q@?2`G!GOL(1'?HG%P`D^Z4E=&Z=)LHP[3/O0
M1-CRC\1@YS-M2
V:6T=Z:8)PTF()^L65#N(1K6L^$J[#_/4V+!K6#1#B2%LJ


O2KJ
MEY
:@LGQ;/:+KL#?/#B1


M\X+4/Z$\

TU.PG

M*%SX1E4VFF9%Y-6AMO$%2I=6'1R9JU_*5*@G
W?-*`UEE(FR//*:L'((F6]U

1HS%'D]6]GP8KWRG:YM/'^VDZ
1WLQ?B=2PI]+SJAPY
MCY*OES.A#@





M?'0_[W[_;7
1P_-XXGQR0$





+)


W+%C&[VRD

DL#RWA!Q$D2&/%2;5B:WKK*X:NU%^IRSS+M




&ULG%9=CZ(P%'W?


MOPS/C#^)(R'2`H5



M@)7CEV(\TYT\CNR@ZW0B+T!^Q[:V1
@957-M*SX)R=*_FH1**2WBER(PEB+(
MOUDD*$5@?!


M(_J-TFS-BDP=.9M@J14;Q%




M/=&G=$KX@3R0)!%6S$X9]&8`MM=H?2NZ]]5Y8^`3-(`#L(VOX!95X&X]`2XW





M_9]PY[+]_'K]L&O.5PCQ7)_J_ML05-?.NX?TY=*TY?


]RE:3/+U;7GJNNC
MFK?5M=UKUS?G?X2(C:%$$&L
&,4.,Y1WNOM<@PQSG(NVV!?3T

UO%S#&1

`@Q#(
8@P2#%(



0@
M4H
NS96!$D:


MP_G_3$6C2K9$%/TS8@F)0B)8D(20E)

M1$A


=6LS4!(2$A$2$Q
M(0DA*2'9C0P[RG4


7Q7P



ZOH\H0B'T_WTY7Q^NYW/



0
M7W:ON_.?;=#I9+^]S9\/S7'SY96.^X?R-]L^=OL'A-_OML?FU#R=9Q1N;CJ*






B7`0\2F0T;GL2?+4


M(K^]1N@T7DL021!+D$B02I!)D$M02%!*4%F`N4!S/KC@!X
+NIDN;Y8+RV#!

_\8T;V?4

Y


_CK
M3F*9B0&DLC`?B@GD10VRH#D0`H9&'M<2@GNNQ(2M2!WK9$^SCC<:;U^L49Z


Z;7&Y<\,^L0VS-/=&&EC,;4!:X\;6O1S*YV
M82A2.!K4_8(^!I(`28%D0'(@Q4TN8&<Z4O6+)?(%6L=YSSNJEZC7'+5K%V8
MJ\*(E;+6-]TL*4D$FAA(`B0%D@')@10#T6:-Q]MVK62-RKZ
=&G8=YUOS
W2
MY?\EL\RRP#:+[FC(\H9N_


EP7


^MNU+?NUC?P^*TTW3SA@INE'6
M3(W02497(R`QD$0$7@2^K#-3V@#D@
I1.`+/2Z%Y
*^JTYB)D
5!..M'F[M

MFD

I!M*:@V5#WSG=[
EA6K&MKS[O



.:`#0QD`1(
MB0#D@,I@)1`*ILP*^AY$[NRM';MG]85'0JRQ(@$9`82`(D!9(!R8$40$H@

M0#(@.9!B(.TD1V\`B/-3




M(F0#$@.I`!2`JELPISP/ZCOV_8/Z_M.95D)`(2`TF`I$`R(#F0`D@)I+()




^
MEO#(

MK3]#UV+^=NL7-6M[H#C2ALH?FC0


29(




ELC5XLI?$S
M
Z8-''#^@KR#7CG^9(F6\X57K[OG'?
XQ




M^7A08]`XGN[_!P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`.3/9#

5=MNHS`0?5]I_P'YO=RA)0*J
M)JB[E;;2:K679P=


MX&V*&#EYJNOSEY*3F/VW1



\!(TSW%8W*NM+HA2N-!A-JB;Y_H6`WO_?






MJ'ABGX6HUZ[+\S







MH4IY]I-@'1$VB%DI21O-CXH*R7!SD/Y'4JI%6JZ-QWR@`DO:S`B#A&A)X.



';3KM1PB9R5

MO%M$3;H\1&\[5S=DTFI*-@3L6DS7%-\9ES0=86)]$%?#DJH];.2BT6K:89.8



MP_'M.0`^4BJZ!QG@VEUFM_\!``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#._TQINP
`

M`^*]@(&0$6YNG#5W2OME5:K_7@FQ$FL`D:VT_3^^QU[&#32NU#6SS'
V?.
MC


&QSB!=@9*U-G[55H.!

MTP(A&R.8IE[.%JP(D.0[$?3JWL]G.609L;

':IE?.S7DP
M;;;0WO/PKLR:.N1F;'*1$-)YBLJB':Y_:R6(K3NG\E#+\X.+D6`PI)
MQ-%FEBXVI04@ZS28LK!9V


M^)3CW;'UR=R`/*`RR



ME



M2P





6_\C0]
R2XG$(%

MV84+6O_3(6])UET)$N0V?D7'R7QM2`52(H$2G:,7AWH#MB2MTCV6K@%XBZ



M
!!]7VG_`?F]7'


M
/:JH
^%
D&P=Q7]I!OPDSL%*?&QD;_8Z3NA52VAVTL5DK

S!'WZ6





*-
M%5H5.$M2C+ABNA*J*??WT\W7SRCJJ*=EKQ`K]QBQ_*SY_RO39;VW+N$#`H

M6C^UFPGN7*1Q/..M!O6]';(YMDU]!):K:[_H9IV0/%1G3O052C1;/#=*

?-F1X76!'[/%



!(6U/

&
OX/&B-41

TW&$Y25D
D:L+A'3



MK;4['OP6GWZNY7\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#489%8DP(``#@&```9


9AWFF0?P4FJG[?#%5-R`
1&=

I#*O!.S`R8XTKPM\

^?P3?F8-O9%JU^ZI%]5WT'

M@!\:5;RFV\[^5+MO7#2MA6[/W1*F.L@$3R2%&P'8.7T=WSM1V;;`LT4T7Y)9



1[S919ZS%GAU6$Y&9J$BG\
'96-;#TO


M5=JD:=K'LV

6`6
;*=I__VN


GIE-[O/G[9G(1]4P9CV0*%6,2JT
M;C88*UJPBBA?-*R&E4S(BFAXE3E6C60D;3=5)8ZX`I7A-?(*FSD1S1$EG'*
<OW<BB*OHIO[O!:2




+!!9(1
`D.71J5Q`UN5F.TG@9?.\$M

`D.IW44O.^'0=V


MZ5;(K
[

`ENOBLOM[EOCT%G
M&;OMZ4C_;\^

V8&5I?*H.-5P;R
X%P
ZC._;





M?



`#B60!N-0&V%@`J
M.
#EN%@0L@AA)USX+EX02YM*K8+1#`;

M38#75ZKE


MBPGQ]D,$XY`\1JQ(2@9JQ^.EAB`;4-XU40D6!C;9I

MZXX3@AI



7J:5M
M4;ZP[&_^+E;U]C='??O;C]UV\KT['#?]_FY:S!;32;=?]X^;_?/=]

-MO-


M#GH;QLF-P$/??W/2WQ\=@L9ST=H

M9-UOX9/@[\ENX^8`E+[Z


#:A

M`925NJTJZ.=8*8'NKY.(]`-
*
M`\V!X<`B0/*$59/)TU%8_S3/Y:G%UT

M8[VEX^.H-Q$

5W%
)`<V`XL`B0/-T1:-R=XQIV]

U







LE[IV+)BX6)

MS3?OF&76

?NZ

]ZFY[%O52+Y%CH]CRV,(!836HNSV[&688+BC2X

M^4805#]9P6T



M:$&

2'A^Q8D21`MB!+&8T'R=28]GE92O]V[X

!Q/6BA

ML_;+7^@$E4]_


;OU-SF8P*AKQ8DYJN#5M4L?KB5['MJ&R2X`.Z?6FB
(!83
N<HR[9-_\FJL+IYFIV1=\3+O479O]M:((+XB:LA<8(8C&A!3F/S(R(


K




MV0$3K`6



H5XOJ*IQ$T2*L$6E\S;!A[^&@14$RG-+L

G2L


O


MR14A*R5Y4\

:(J4.2_@
2]RR6SJFE
M4Y5Q&O55D]Z=OS8+$L6SGDF5X*!!
&FD=
M:5@Y&C1HB)&XAM0P6$%A=QM!W4THO6]67X.
X*XA-0Q6\!BN[AO1E7N4^]K)

[?AT5:/G2`4,:O6WA#<P##<V'%G?
M*R@5UP?Y[M_T^W_`@``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`:GMA.0XA``#*F@``



M.4V^^_L_OWU]\\?]T_/#X_?W5[/KFZLW]]_O'C\^?/_\_NI__M'^;7OUYOGE


M]ZML8?_T

KM






M4`6UORE/B_S-^9OR-T
FQ@RUU2QK;7+TS%STU$6!.6H8DH30PW*HS&YL$'94


#(UV-%
I
M`11

+`29F#'S745:%#
N_ZJ+G%NC




\!YRE;%81=
7*K@P:UBBO3UN


MW02IE^TF#)41N?)0[:'&0ZV'.@_U'CIZZ.2A04&:AY1_BD$Z\_!SVWR+G+NJ



:H*7*6S,%5XNL=F'OB[5R4PP49NV;%BC3#4M

UGZPF?I
M#(%IKF!%F-SQ8J@

34FK@ZP)L#:`.LK`^P8X=`FS0




M2XYZ!)DN8:RBK00!85A%Y8U:V$RF=I!AN7X/51#6C3^N]\OM17@9/KK;J3
M^X%+SX__N5Z1TK:((DKGQ`B[RI#J%1E2O8*@4KA@JI79WE7(:$5D\%\X^.





MVH6M
=:B#WOL

M].8$:9WKTA-[EXQ5#IKPY#T+!N3WVN1EDRP(KJ?2;!6OL$BR'5B!M#8D5:
ME&#-%W:7IRX*W%L:AJ1?4](U]MV%_:BAHS+*RUPF\C+E+]PZ6PP'8S;VRSJG
M-7)]P)!JG*PFLU]2$U##D'0B%Q1U[$A+0#U!4;5ECB2J[5.A-4&J;=8[\V*A

A+F;T(+WV2LB9(



B)E[1XXEVZ=_UUT6!R
M&X;*P-\2A&J.$SA.!34O@+JBP79ZAOS$FSZVG;K3SS22SS)&$WKF)4BU42XH
MH(:U9!N15FF0CK4*U/




7/GDX:)5*)@*





9CJPNE])[LXDP2-N&

R6`)
M

1VKGLI(%QD19'*J=]02&4[5E614T
QQ/$T9-%EC?








YO&
MEJJ@

!AH
!A
M8
!A(

M!1B8RBF]T`-3#@-3#@-3#@-3#@-3#@-3$C-
I53XKS*5TV?-5
8T4W/[1FQ&
M-]X(!A!34U&./3#E
##E
##E
##E
##E
##E
#`E

YV=9

M95\/S=(0A5ZJF7(8F'(8F'(8F'(8F'(8F'(8F'(8F)*882HEO7^5J9PH:Z8H


M/NW1@@
))A8DKVP%

MU&0+Q_`[G4BRAF1





M4:MD
Y*!RG7B
^(:SUNGYT4RT+5.G$4RU&6=ZA+)0
DZ\1+)4

MWH]WDYX75'^1?(CB$CXLD@^1#-5?)!\B&7Q8)!\B&:J_2#Y$
OBP2#Y$
E0_
MC42A#-6?)1\B_^##+/D0R5#]6?(ADL&'6?(ADJ'ZL^1#)(
/L^1#)
/.'
;N



M#B$[%21I_][7`#^'`#N1!+^$0-TB20M)VM3WUO`C/`620[;F_T!+VQ\F0J2
M.I0TD*2O!'R9%I+T987X&.'??I`P$L.VSEJ$$W*%21U*
&O^U&#J`Q^Y(\:

M
BTDZ?M;;PU?#J









']'OMT7X5_3@M)%TIZ2-)5%;[
$9)T/867
TVJ'54!I?<[-M0@HMMX$]4!I?-X<U:-*
?
M%GA?D;\VMOUT@3P1=R/Y6N/&)K`327`#$ZQ%$MQ\!&M1#\;51K`627!W$:Q%

MSY?!U8+[/I3@AL%]NB?/E\&M@OMT6YZ7'

MHM:1!!=PHM:1!)=NHFZ1!+?[HGVB.#C
D6W@$SA?@PJ2.I0TD*3[5'V9%I)T

54R0YS+$VPY?@P7
@
MJ4
)KBB'IU&9%I)T[;:WAJO(X6DDP?7C\#22X))QM$\HF6'&R'MC9A0[S#!C
MX))[7X



H02ONE&#*!/RVP\)Y+@=36L11)L78*#B!W\
MR`0[19$$/PL`.Y$$6]ZH6R3!=B[VB()-G7!6R3!UB[\B20'3
%1KE%ARHSZ



M


M'#F2I=_7;/^#3.]#
2]
DFE5-589]VMFKLWN/JM5K)*L);%
8G?U_/LY2
##



NGL@ZI;%#.D
KN

M1H


I!G8
F!VT.NAST.1AR

.3CDX1^`=


R$!D)#(1
MF8D<B9R(G&.2U#Y:=5S[,JHXG%:Q)UD5YR/U8K14,9&*2$VD(=(2Z8CT1`8B
M(Y&)R$SD2.1$Y!R3I(HQ(;&JV.&TBCW)JGB3C2&+T5+%1HB-9&&2$ND(](3
M&8B

M


:H9-8Q:1AVCGM'`:&0T
9H9
M'1F=&)T3E-:\6_I0S6
O



M'E9R











M?9?=F$K1M2(K0=[E=G6UNKF._I=UI5K-I?LW@C31-B!$QY7C+IO@=$%.(N5+

MC0%%[6)2*\UM=YWU]#E88814J_4J*_E1TW+#Q79]=9?=CD]J(64Z!^3+E+:)
M;/-$IB[8A







+C

MP6:#'0UV
M@Y96EPW!9%%)PE'[K(@F1\FSX]V*U@Z+E8:`4+4F5#-J&+6
M.D8]HX'1R&AB-#
Z

B)Y_F6WM?++ELD=90++E

VH8M8PZ1CVC@='(:&(T
SHR.C$Z)R@)R.:9/8H+3RL]

NH8]8P&1B.CB='
Z




KT.NA;A&.9UE(J39K*^FH=/Q6X

MK(-CTE!



M=NE5N?E/U![IJK+ULON8*%L9!)1.4C?97:!0*QET2T85HYI1PZAEU#'J&0V




&H%Z2RV8]0KBG/



IH8S8R.BE[(\:16DN
Y


+T02V=Y2
MK18RX#2-)TV(


6^_%4?ODP&@,
M*%K#3FPUL]61K4Z,SHEC6O=N7R%:?R]#G-]OB-?9-V$+(FZ@_%I\L%H6<]EC
MY%)T76)5@ORZ#'.E578OK=5FE
C2--I`PI+M=?6D9V8Z^*H%Q068;Q'-1



MT][EGX85D9F
W:7!*H/5!FL
UAJL
UAOL
%@H\$F@\T&.QKL9+!SRM)@N=V#




%CV.8<D\2I)_JBMD42U



UYD6281'
HGW_4I!:50%%

MJ!9?74G5BYW.\9N%Z?RF79BFURU
[?J%J=T0V!HSBGSN-AIOM/-+UY849M
M9@M-JLULZQRS!QI`/'*?6D:S[VQ97@1'6$GQ2T85HYI1PZAEU#'J&0V
1D83
MHYG1D=&)T3E!Z5AD+4#MYQK+


MJ&'4
NH8]8P&1B.CB='
Z


MJ&;4

S[X1=A\UYC4?D
ZZ

UB[

-!AL--D7


M^%?O9KRPO_


G?H0:KL`NS
MR4_)*$77]70E*!YGZ=%-+59AEV7%'YZ*A2;=!H0)V.56E+\*THFNJ_8^H/0R

MI!:2]3G).HDPWJ0W9YX7GNY.!!0UID*0=H52D%9V)4BM:D:-('5L`XK[4$!1
MC?1L-3`:V7%BJYFMCFQU8G1.'-




&]Q


\!^0M*H_[
3LD][Y0$E/0K;Y7TJX#B
M?D56M:051RM8Q='R**K.+C@FH2&K(5A%CB
[3FPUL]61K4Z





M4[O!8./U'=:F/K.U.[X\+4[F2P\\(NOFDDW&;%2Y'('J;?._LL$@&Y8Z2U


O12I%Y8\-Z4B#8N93_N&]V%&
8E2GX2%(JWSG9A9#*G
MH[7BW1:S'R1C




^76.=\MS]?ZC/GN!3S2G`AYG7@
LRK6.$J_
_(9#F@



/7-C!<]!]^[1&RMX'+IW3^!8.4`Y






Z
ML)1BAQYLU@X.@$%JUAT#QX]`L7HPSLB`8D4!!S9`L:*`PV'V[KP%+C7.=4&I


MA;.4`\IV





MZ:&X7W'@NL;/:*!560I^30.MRE+P.QIH59:'[J!CS6ZX=NX&
I^*6;O?MQ
'^/;NUZ<X
M-?S2'AY66/,0_-`;%+,W;G$W\X=?9?=Z_)P5%N?`\IV




I812FDH%I3*5&DIM*@/J8##K8(0R


P?0HHA:F44$I3J:!4IE)#



Y0SE;H'E.!@EJ`4IA*:4TE0I*;2H-E,94
M6BBMJ9Q7F`6LK7'T@.LYF-=30E
I812FDH%I3:5!DIC*BV4UE0Z*)VI]%`&
M4QFAC*;2H0XZLPYZ*(.IC%!&4YF@3*8R0YE-Y0CE9KSCM
*VOT/T(YFLH)
MRLE4SE#.IG)`0YF0HHA:F44$I3J:#4IM)`:4REA=(^H^`.:):ZP_5TIM)#
MZ4UE@#*8R@AE-)4)RF0J!R@'4RF@%*920BE-I8)2F4H-I3:5!DIC*OT*NQ'X



F=IAA7%T

:^TPI4VYI56N-+&3*U%






M?O_IMS?5PY^^OL;'E[_][=.'C_



M'[Y^_-M/;_XR^M/+Y';ZYNV??SPH]'\_??SW-_?O'[[]\N7?JZ^??MY^^NTC


GE=5[@J#H/$?U_7






%6O&





M!J
A

M'`-32;IB\L9M
!H0V1!9$ED1:0CLB;2$]D0V1+9$=D3N2?R0.21R!.19R(O
MGH3`8)?6DS!
35C,?#!GM&9$YD061)9$6D([(FTGL29E2.&_R4I-[*-7_
+X
M2^;\\N7W



M5E'(4HXX(?7F6X[5TEHBZ




MJ3+KSPTM1J

MKUYN:S)?75R&&=^E3I?J%(O]
#1RNE(K[#[
:IK2J5

M/:[95R^H-;FRRVY-KNZ^0P95E#*(;A?52C*(+IHY/![TP'\LC'P!5RO)(/*R


[R!8O


UHY[1AM&6

M9[1@M&2T8M0Q6C/J&6T8;1GM&.T9W3-Z8/3(Z(G1
Z.7@$*TRH.M5K0./-Z1






MCB[42LO15.$MY?







MKVFX#PUC4-.!P'`KY



UHY[1AM&6T8[1GM$]HP=&

M&6T8;1GM&.T9W3-Z8/3(Z(G1




?O*

:J[(=A0+



S4+T7
MBDR0I2#







MN=^*51(GO1*Y






0-UT
M@IP\:[
J:3RZO1B%




$^5R^/@MSL

M#AA7C#I!=[:;7K-5SVC##;=J94/=

8
MLR
G8:6P3R6

7TPNX5GXPI
M*C]6

PWVO

EHQ6C




[L6B3B%$]SH=*N@!_H''


N@933\YERO77N9I8V-9FN=E63E-^=V9JCV8?1Q/0\



:0GUW37%:7TI#=^Q`Q*V7)+K['
S4K#N5!DLUL*@G@G?*W

MX/



M


M?L=H+ZBE5G26M=[X6E[7U%:;*?I5C\K7^)!RW-9/%AI.!?:T&:W%'0Z-59F
MI;XZ06&A&'JTE)WD7Y3N=1`6B(TB+&6Z_E5VZT-PJPF^5W8G5GI4/?J'L-K






([8^OHENQ2D.E=8B&NE?WKTOL4CVZ


M:JU=GYQKU9UI/I*+_]OE$+F\)6T.DI[

M8I^*

M&T76Y5:0ZW*G5M;E7E#M


35KHG:$/=X10NULHDM%=F:MQ*$66C#3E!07MQ;C[WZLAXWBJS'K2+K


M!CJ:?1A-S





2GUUZ@OJ




4

UHH\@&J

M^]1?#CSM

K2
MN1



-+KE<


VSURMT--U%+
MN
-='$&ISOW.3]GID2-*
JXZ\M'M7?[E?
2
AHZ03LY=`2QFLG01W?T;`8A
MK29U[FB_E0A1)2/%4;X/2
Z1U3H'Q8.S&XAB$YM'*


M
H2V@^]IU4MU

820&$)(#$D
MAA`20PB)(83$$$)B"$QA-S%





M8*;=(BK$$!5BB`HQ1
6S&)4B'D?E^!^I'!T:I'NWLO)&\R`Q_YE*;7OB[U1Z


-0!$@Z#


MDPU#D]OTD*`3*]FIX]FH*Z824F+=]/3THS$%Q.;-,2N3,K76_Y3B,Y0XEU


M[(2@ZSK%_(*LRN*VA8F1L+=*NLJ5NI\IJZU?(OYG=E*;_3V3SRNYI!MG)@

%CHF!RIHA*-52

MGB!R95%D\2X7TSA[PFHQ6*@G2[,Q@3)*Y,QX83TTG\%*?\HL(QV*M?A*.R


M$[+TU!/R#V8:$JA/#.(3@_;$(#TQ*$\
PA.#[L0@.S&H3@RB$X/FQ.X;[*'!


000F(((3&$D!A2`PA)(80$D,(B2&$Q!!8@@A




F)5@I#)H*

M0P1+:.A]-PA:+49AK:!T1A9&3TU)S[E*FI8M_1_2M-8`
4.%E5W`(`16V'C4

Z()R2I


MF3@MJO_QB:VLMH.)MH



S*IF4WH*#
VJQ5G-

@/%3G:N


MM+*T;4V%*+9!@YFNY90&!9`8A(&
0@AND3P[:5&+:MQ+!M)89M*S%L6XEA
MVTH
VU9BV+82P[:5&+:MQ+!M)?8260SM-%4DPTWN\$&ZUPL+VU9F\Q&S18
M




KU-YYT(B-EI


M$3?O
(6M5&7-L$FY9JOWNU%YHL++#T-$1%O;0H4H5!B^5:Z&;D5#ZG-KR$RM
M(3
;0E.&T)1:0U
VA(`

M

4(PS.%A!.7L


M`C-17P@!^4((S/#$X!`5LU.'B(IWF*)2I]F5+1,\E&I+*6U&H:T9@C1*XRB
MLR$49@B%J3449D-HRA:4FMHRH80D$$]*V3@*7::0I8RZX=:@LIS4]7;O2

MUI9#:$I0VA*K:$I&T)`AA#0MXX7A\K]0X?I%)/6$[K=!H_&PUMI;BXP$N?





3@P1&7-8[N^L@+EW:=`E8JG
M&2BMCWS25Y96#36T2QQQ8(@X5!CCP(80G2%$I]80G0VA,$,H3*VAL!A80T%



M?!(


+ZUDG84@
Y88?GO]=:






M+)1A5S

SSA$$'R;5.
2O7S_QD[UQU)=MU*O\K!/

M$:$1SY$OC6+E-.E!H\#6TIXR'V`:5J`_/-?F$HP[N&W1A&-J#;W:&D:E-8RJ



MJ#;\$BF/=XJ];;!W#?:^P3XTV





A%
M'!C7OGFM:NZXS+8


OQZJF%
,0
M'Q.6PY59ZZ?D%DT_-]B7A*UPS6:\]NY;:LHABBRVGDEGR9S#O#)#E<4QEN_1
MU0<^H7[XV1,_20.YW[3<HNG;U#0P-)CA`GO?8!`N?A`N&.P*!KNP:Y@7QL
M*K-?H=*6.XG*FQ.+5[%HFG2^N1L83WY'_E#L?O;L3Z)8UC;++9I\6P:&!0+
M!L60;%@4P8%`L&Q8)!L6!0+!@49ZQ0;`N:1/&JUE@13=J@TC%[&'2IMOU

6IUN6*H-*;)@PJ!8-*P:!2


M%
+
&.E0NA!?;M%SM
KABE:V9FJU
D.=C@P

M#?:^P3XTV


M;:%7_.!2
+B4MG`I?A`G&
3EMH4X6UVTQ/FR8R=N8*6
RY2&
AY+EC%_D\\O
M
T!
CY`79AW;F9U^5ZH%LJ=;A(-L0?9T^^86$K'H'YZ12HETA0/_VN=`PU

[&H
;]C!U,I0K9@D.W83K;XP:Q@,MM85;\X%(P


MJ&%KD%8-7YSL:@QL+V
']S(6#+(=V\D6/^@5#'JE+?2*'UP*!I?2%B[%#^($


M@W]I__B!]F0;:TA6SQ@U#!(#2W+83:$B81&O=83_8-A[(%']AVCU4?:@RW
Q+4541+W]MGB2ZC];!D8
MFUU1\9PM`:Z-;00-<)U#J!;@NLW+1/@:HY(`:[FR!+@:HXN`:[FJ!#@:@[S




+9-#`8GE@.5Q]P3&[1%,IGT\!@?&(KG#[@F-QHNDO`
M6S5[0Y#68\.+*T2'NSKR#8@[P\SUB)\3&[1^[<-]J[!WC?8AP;[V&?&NQS
M@WUIL*\[5FBS=5JW)N3`ON::YT)#BP_N'@:V(T'%Y-;HM
/0=/`H%
PZ!0




M'8/YW+0P;RN)EOFQQ-B8']A^5CN8SF(%0QB'=N)%3]8%`P6I2TLBA^\09O

M$W#JV

ML

M6Y-AV7O$6SRBHMX%=OU0$#^:^D:^+$1006*C@F/78R/
%MO2*#?:T$FBH]-L

@P&:;_&Q+CVL\UFWR
MHT$=/WS]PDYH


M]?QV9RR/&^&W

5(JB)8+S!'75?V(B+[++R(BL((H
MO




.04#.D$0SG!$
ZQXVNRJUSOUX3O

+)41!)

;$AY12_@:'8DE.A)'JZN=1_;PXP28



M6E











AMT`/9T&MJ[KG#NH85@
M:$86@B&%H*AA6!H(1A:(86@J&%8&@A&%H(AA:H85@:)&QHH7M(%S30H8V
MWW+8-O'L!T\VW&UC6[-U&W[VH.5:E^C6;?*+01#1QD%H'J+3!'+&MUE%Q^

MPVH

M3C=KEULT1=/9%*Q(:GL*2=+;@VWL3$Q9WYSL)V'(S_0UCHG4CCU?IR.ZH:N
M@J&K8(@H&(*AHBH9A@*88B@V



E8

O[B[WY9RF
M&MIHI9`HD-:MC%_4S#RH[1CI;CD5-#P.)4H%V19%6T&QH9$KR+'M-W+\QT[N
M]+L?:L.Q]&L%JL$QGA6-LX)JD+9(+VU16]JBMK1%6FF+FM(6-:4MTDE;=!(_
M1!$



#&6?3


MI;9?&^Q;8*GM]\!2VQ\-]FM@W8\U7M@607=6'H9*NN\GF+;SK&PV9$?36]?2





M!4-P9!0,04#`D%0T+!D%`P)!0
05#0L&04#`DS%B1T'8D6@E]JV(?,1TK
M$LJZUA[M9:&R2R@8$@J&A((AH6!(*!@2H:$@B&A8$@H&!(*AH2(:%@2@8



MNJ7^9FSO+LOCK;OSTG`8RM5]8



VLK-#WKDK6#O\&`2MC\%1?^F1_29_CG6]L\F$JD*EZP^P]@Y



M#&S;#IA@'M

M

M]@77]/(

M)8=)46!M]^R:UBAX'I_!S`H&ME/D%\6=(L&@R+&V#S9.MWWP`7SO@V.+HCKS


0ZGF?=9


5;.2/II`?:.^E8VTD;
M35
QW9IYG

M[PWVQXX5=9^::(R/RVT#R



04#`D%0T+!D%`P
M)!0,05#0L&04#`D%`P)!4-P9!0,3


M!N3GR(5[6SZGTWYQ[^MJ*C!$A'O'MOVK@?$P4_C!JOOQ$%%@$#FPM:\#D0-;
M^P^PYEC:
H$9QWS+Y'BK&








M-C5/TLYQ9GPN;9?0Y_'
.4.;A_/P2]AC@Z&7M$4OP=!+





(1=ZRXGL?T1(_'P*SX77F
M\/3%YOAPXY+WYF9*?.@Q7Z



%]\V._
MQAT?!0Q2[`F*XX5K3W]U]1Q?$=S8\KF2?98AABPJQ\$['BP-D#H9
ZV\K`\L
M#R(#2]L$5



MDRP'M@GGV#8(2CBTG&X1CL0=ZR[KQW?4VL1]*K
G/F9+JTX0;FK[DA),%(:
MV):28VG`IO^T7_'VO[;C*7MOQG*\UAVOH/M\Y+[2[F0D)/[W=HZ##??BI)W
M:)#SB+/E/+`\*


#6Q=A=\%9F]
--<8MPL#&P


AW(($


/02#+T$0R_!T$LP]!(
O01#+\'0*V
E

#@1#$X$@Q/!X$0P.!$
3@2#$\'@)&.%$YO(

MY5`0^S.'@NOM4
_KC6Z(S[$+\3;A38/#(MYGPCOQCC'61$%`M6/Y'6J!I=48



H--HK%/6:Q%`=H
MF0XA#;0XMM

(4NF\NV=(U)[G9N


M)*54W&.62G&@5*9#2`


MD%`P)!0
XL-UX=U-E.QA</@36VEZ__
M.X4-:\[#+R$J6EQ'*@]CLG2JW(^BJ+=K82ZK`+O.OC\N9]N&O=Z__VK5Y
Y?+(?.1@X7RZ&ST?V+Y=#9&?UR<:OUADQ


M.


31^M+IQQ.U=LUI;?:


'JNIV'TD6K09Y95Z[M


OVZF'31SH?6]H9?C]'/=LUB

MQ7.^MS9[03S':VWV=GB.U]J@ZYEQUO$)9S9':6W096O*U@9G-G]I;=!E:\K6





2\X^4_;ZIK$;
3LSEOF7ZMC76.T]T=+EC@]3.QJ&
E];&


MT^7PT6S\Z6R?S
:?SO;9;/SI;%_
QI_.]M5L_.EL7T[L_6+KQL]O9D/;SO;=



M


M6.[=^4#:-M:U-G*W\:SEA=QMS&IMY&=C5FLC/QN76ALU:.-2:Z
&[=K1VJ@S
MNW:T-MI=J-TV/\+QW$5O(YR-66T[:O![;8V2O-B]=EQ36G:F-7:D,[&5Y:

MQ'L;DMLUYZF8[#7WN7





TUO8!
J0:Y4:=<BU2HTZY%JE1AURK7K)WMV^KR#
M37@6XD;=TR_I=C3YF[2[C85I\C=I=S/RDK$BKT3[\EBB[AGKJQ%^QNQJA/$N

FL9B5Y(7BA;SD.T`UTI7^

C6KG6J7;$4;Z78V3-F).C1LAYCLYW8X0TU^K$2=S:MP(GV=@;N5F
M2MO^\6N9__O.8V:Q-CY/9\6O
;:S/HM]IN_1YT#L


8\F

M??)1.8_T=R-\5

I6<F9&NG.^:3]*5<UJ-E.2<
M5B
E.6_5J';Z734.V_2[:O
-OVNJ%'I]P)K;GNVZVQD;;J0DSSLT9^0ESS34

M:FJD*\_.U$@7S^8]G^2
Z_#'-.RQDA<N_D1IS
MYW


E.?_4J';./S6JG?-/C6KG_%
C?
8:7C_JP%C#C?!S
/PXY[9K4W,W:*POH49/RB1K4S?E&CVN]2=]LGU<[8

XY1F'U(\2
7]0(


<1HS#K
0JS
T9A=L4HS$:

MYX?P4;E.J[&[C/G42CZ/PCYOCE&8+3$*LQJC
%MC%&9;C
*LQ2C



M4*



M^S6?U('G0&Z$SW


M4J-6'+-43LFUG&C?O8]0X^Q3[
S1OW
1HS/



$:\9V
M.?]T302VR_FG1MOF_%.C;=-?J]&VZ:_5R$OZ75[1_&5_1MW3MZH19_I/-6+)
M-56--DI?]U(LN0=26[(=A5V/#_]H!IUR#V0VA:CL'T28JZ-OK;!];C'EU'
M@NTR[M&U-ZA:^@E=1P)+/\@[7+]L!RQC1=TG54O_HD8;I7]1HXW2OZB5*7/:

*.
J0^S$U-LFYHK_79KO<KZA1[9S3




MLP3#KJLZ'

9*CW3!G05BQ.Y5$:F$Z@4/J?HY\S(K+(@
MBTI%JLJ*KH;LJDTI*GLF2*@LPYZ)@BHG,BE,IA4LA;T;S-R*)2D:JR(IM*





E0*]2E:
9N11:4B
M565%-I6&-)4=.50ZTE4*]2E:GQE95I2559D4VE(4]F10Z6SC%'7F3<G<JD
M9*C



M*L_(L\K
1+-%YYFMR*:R(X?*B5PJ=\B]RB/RI
(+EGGA@
T/*-2GO%`?GGVH

M7IS+2QEL;S


3F1H7*'/*@\(L\J

M*A-6:^6H

MF/!3-Z9-6=[XM1N3IDSX1Q3IDSX`1P3IDSX#1S3I4SX81R3I4SX61PU-6&R
M/5%;?9@W3]0F_)`J$V89D_4)LRT)VH3?D)`U:%6TV[QC#
A
]I768XDGK








M*6.DL$;PUQFYR(:#:S'Q2K&A+8:_MMC(5_U*.5@]M1E_;;GKB_SV*KOZ6877
MMB#^_DX[;VPQ_.W;^4OU836=&HJ_OU/?R!;#7UOLYI?\DF&:G.J3?]B2^:^5
M=-

LP84UDP=7YEU#


MB2AQ+^KO1?_M.28-%MX!]

.EFL



:5
ME[K&U0Z%O3(VT`4_7L5MDA&WMF#445MY/-`^-

\/0



MTT#CD$2M?HOA`[)5&Q;]F%6N9.''L598H[6S76*VE1A,X7-V=Q45LJ;*6P

3#%0Q2L_%KJ3/

L.2M
O8*S/&
TMPA3T&DMO):U
MG)P0EE[!E5DQ6K/EC4



8'*V20Y%M=-Y/3F\V3=-T[KU7-2:[6

T9.GQ





M8!H47G=8K0`U%F6X87/&6C;66907_E9]JK!9S\S#)WD$
6=SBU[-FULJ;-4S













VM&&XOBW)_7B.FLR4?C`93KBF``?YK\

MK^:++A6VZIDWMV9S&XNB[-\T3AL`N;







M))A5MFBH5RNL45BKL$YA4X7-%#97V$)A2X6M%+96V$9AVYC%(R%G;7!DB?






-\TR13]%0N
0A:K4GPL0C&5)/@TY%2
M;L[9.WAQ`5]K\0T/+^!138+W%?!)L$S\QX38+7%ICQF@0?CZ(_6GS#)YT8





M-O!U6%C3)/C1`$BT!!H_%H!Z-
DXR]%3S0?X\CQ:H$GP+7GT5)
TD
CWQ[D_
M'23R-7*6C*]+_.((\PGGA;!FML2/VJAZ-(:3E+




MR]U=V[Q.L
.I&C'7(*N-#)OH(-5!IH-<!X4$9@ANC!!K[S,1$G42(?<MXD$
H06Z]L5P1;34(
M1M8B(



METH)




M0OLF:Z+C[-
#A3+[#)%$BK*D3V\


M'BYH-!\[;`ZF:F7@Z)WCYJCVR_.FI


#*A5XS
[`UX3_KF
MAF6]@

M
!A*L*8?^1B(U`B=ST.\+C'Y_0+C6PT6(5Y&F`;1



M5CY6?Y;M8WWM)N?JB#KG#N_+6OK1A_[HV3NGAZ;'MQST?'P*P



MED]-KS3==G#OUSBC[)T]+B[P4CMC*IM!#CB$[V\\RVY)4!:KRH!-WR(\WK
M$F_BY7V!R7HUZO-'\(

M8P%^:%3QFNX[^U

LS3/

MX4B8FX\P=%T+QI\UVTNN7(08WE$']=M6]/9
D^PC.$G-;M\_

R(T!:+BH!'7C9

MC*?9


57T&05A+BL=79'/8G@KR#.Y

M965T



MY]O



M8U#%H(Y!$X
V!ET
^A@

1AC
`7@/=*^Y!YM^A_EWMB;W+NL)0[XRHBJXN0L

$AAM93V<%J.E11/)B.1$B(ED8I(
RQ5DJ
M:.#[*/N+T9)](AF1G$A!I12$:F)-$1:(AV1GLA`90RA41D'P.3
/ONM&*P
M3/%


MU#+J&/6
!D8CHTD@F70S#]*2/L^/
`QW64G

J&)6
M*D8UHX91RZACU#
:&(V
)H%DALT$*



TB

2D85HYI1PZAEU#'J&0V
1D:30#+S9A)T*?/_



P:CT*8T7-H/-6+E;/:&`T






1;O`I\7
-])4
E7<A$Z+E;URH?W*59TTL'5EEDF*L.58`ZTBN

MP

]&*-@84+-(E`LB)?69+`PL
\+%EZ2+*@
MX%JTL+#7.%?/

=K0Z


M%5MRIKX0=-$5X?U.NZ$=6#CM5PJ-:BU0\&=X&9B]9SM

M1A9H=&BQU*AO+BQ=BCL/3,+1S*IM0M99IFH+A?.UT6Q_(1G);M6RB_4FO8


M=]\B6I

M7#W(]XSVX1F

J;'


-+Q0W'E/UF$PCJ46H0VX%!F$0KA4
Z.

M(JBL7HSIU.HU/!I&S
A4KPM\VLP



*!B#
MI1MF46BPJR5KX'.7I4LF/EK/R(J&;4L&/KK'SXCE'/CH.S\K\X
IJ$H\@P
M7C15

M35P9)Q%(UO
K*P_F+8AH?&91V)

$]_QQE6UAKXSH-U_%%7FF
%

K


C5YW428115:AF7
'H[(?W4K8SG/T\-%4A_#FD_O!DV6W
+#]&,^F1]PAL(C#)&.:.4<FH8E0S:ABUC#I&/:.!T<AH



BK7F

H

M@WDIW37PYJYP#0=MO=6%@4SGK5RLGF
-WNHM!1R]N0LZB:B=O%6GEJ[9RY7
M'RP*^X]%P=@Z9919%-8=6Q6,2G:LV*IFU+!CRU8=HYX=![8:&4W46;XE7G_



7:!*!

Q)=QL[M_=@DW1'*+!(59JU\#13.T:.2'2MGY7^Q9M2P

\?K30:9'L




H
FUFZ=JZ:9^_B






M067OS




HAK:QRN

)2);6'B`\Z_:

L?*#*LN!)

9G]/D^&PQWVT6M%
M)V_EZB%EE#'*&16
2D85HYI1PZAEU#'J&0V
1D:30#+I9L2F#`X.\T@N'!Q8


^BN#



M(K
.L`PW#_OHSDKJK5Q)


7'!L/1!-B1L.WCJOR\$[:^;R

F9G)!QG@F=^M0V/X/\87Y9


]






:=3LAG=$L'EG\[E=JZ'




BXGB
9FH)KSS%1TW28LYP'V#8LYSK.#2

'5XFC.:ZS@HH$CU10



ML1[-`NNK&#-]6A65%G!HNK1+)FR@E53_(ZF)A;HI;M!
4LD7&T%(I9*6
%



MM=;G\
P+%


MJ4]04E7!1@8HM7:D.13SUCN7`!L6X'@T!?L6'
W;[NR#_0B.YIUW5K`MP=&\



M:0KV.$3-:0JV.D3-:0HV-$3-:0KV*D4)M%Z/+4M1`DW!GJ0H@:9@:U*40%.P


DK

M0%




M1A@K^!`;[GAHCZUB!)HZTCXXB)*HGXI)*HGXLB)*HGX?B)*HD)RI:H
M93M!

C'@Z]PXD@U!1_C
M1$O4%'R6^6B^!

?*$<M:$J_QCA^HXT&!RBCJDQ0)E4Y;3`FQX??N03XOCWJ1U/P`7OD








M_P






M5I@`-


\(/+5`A
^SH-JF9I8

OL)QDI!-HIFF^D?



F/+5`(-24:$-5Y48P6X6I/UM:
M%IO4Q:UP55



M&AGR]*8.P=
<*%6I_H':!+K7:`*KT\G87'7.6T.JIB=9YE

@(DE`&
IG*3H9-3@+8Q+$T1H2G




\0\KBHW10!4RNNM5`GD#:.!770##2R
MH+

8A]N&/TW;W&Q)ZY)W0D.K4*ETZMC*E`=P*IJ#*D4ZMP




T!4EX&-([H3)@:G/06J@32%L1!)6.`W
I:&3(


#PMIPP+$X=ENBWRI##Q.


M68O2
)NLGJQ3:B-9;.\$TE:%RW-L4&2R&SH#RRBS1X8\&_UF`IS&1H9@HZC7
M




M_O+;BY5M+QC2.P&&3NP$AOL!+;+,MTA9Y.]$W:U+6#HQ+:`N7A;L,%=EJRA
M'87#F394X&//3EM0C^@$_$J0'HGP%!RDX4QO1

A&AIR=

*NV-'




MHS;!61YF*(GH:IUEP&85V+AT8JUE?4VD2X;L!-)FA5$D$GCJDEUG8*'$RB#D
M6(D7!3PK)SBU4B`='

MX3;
)L&I\F:^C0QS=`32=B6=36&VSP/+*

I0$)V!)




M9#N!=!C#^+J?$BX=QL#EA9'*N9
RN.E0_=0Z0$D_91Y9
9/NIRS46:AG2/=3


HBFM_(8S8IV:6MV9%C-DP@91A#




MO4V;-K(-


MRK9P\6V0G7DIK1
.';.@5';W
VW)EO;F@B4QJP);$R4



N39

M;&RWRVP2&_

5


MQ,T.[5'Q/()3QL3AO!RXAQ.[46ZBS46VBPT&BA:PO=6.@V@5)[=4/S$_.Z

MW1`SDOD2C]FP59WNKMA/\2*#S+'.0KU`W_T:+S+(
*.%KB/$VF3-ZDUDD&%N



MH$1(]!J&]

#.G.B*'0&4V/`:ZMX(T5O$T$TUE%S9;L


B36;&H%+[PV82T&=0-H7W&3&


M-
U9@89YC89)EU%U!)ZJXA;Q=A1

^=^[J
M;#]+MR.#O3IKY*^K




M#78T)(X]K0E+Z4$97


MJS5V4WMJ_ZT

MJ:LEHN#-WJ8JH9N7+`[AM\\C:\&
VCU%O$%/=!K=8-*'2WU5(Z4.BFJZ7T
MH`PN902%[K=:F1H^J%T?-*#0?4
KTX)=P\M!?=,H9M'Z4'I74J]+:!YYT&
ME-:E=*#0HQRK00\*/;ZQ%#QX@@\\2KW%[
5#!N#1S'0P*-TH-`3RO3@T)/








AZE+E%E7!_@2)M]XU):4%J7@O-KH('GT1Z4WJ7@Z!I8ZLG@





MST(



_\;D=!90[EQN:6@+GN#;ZXCL`0@=O:G?*SF(\\9/

9([KR4=)0BU(!5(C@;9K

8)0QQ02I;23ZLX2K3:6@_5U&T=)L@Y?(4O--II
M$#3Y#+(1U0TA
R5Y:\


I*C:I=&4ZGDZL9?

MY4.QTFJ+S9QT[31$BRW*P(FE



``!D```!X

MLMKX6YBY.FYPNG?\-(;KS6*[WAVNIYN?L=P;2_PTEMO%8;6\V1S@:\;N8.SP



JVSG0:!*55R(@61DDA%I;2$&F)=$1Z(@.1,211A-5AQ&RK4QA
E+*9`VMO/--DB98.H[9.H.25K5A`IB51$:B(-D99(1Z0G
M
A`90Q)%#5D41LWFF






8N#J4;Q(`/?

U.+HJ
EWT.^ZK-63

4LM\1A9K9J5A
M05PJ0:T66
.FK54+$KRS+&@;/9L.@MH8J
MQL@R#KA:U4@!5SP9SP*T]&R,!V9E6JW^Z0%0&K8+\J076L&DKJ'4Z]ET

M+$Q'9J6QC0+*:K6[A'?7L&DKJ'4Z]ET$-3&2V.#G)+3$?%D\9J49R.Z3.Q
MM573Z;A=WRC_R@[O;[-@]+XB(+IU6;RH`ZN;KTU[*T-U%1VOE?(+MW;GMV
M.P1J



TP&:F




J&)6
*D8UHX91RZACU#

M;Y@5@EXIL
HPC*:^P]O0_K/7LA=M&+6
.D8]HX'1&*$H6'C?


U/;

U




M5[=U7QH4!5&7!DYGZKYF7PW[:KW6E([O%+#SZK:`/3L=O-9

*Z&9)GS

&C9L6:MCU+/AP%ICI!6'


JH8U8P:1BVCCE'/
M:&`T1BB.TQO+F!TO8PQZ;[C2AO








MUB6+I3T
+2ELL[L^JA;`-NAKCJH=L`3]RU&U!I;TD*@VP1)T
$?5
EB3@6W
M*4DP6*,$TPY]4FH,TB!)
'0C!)($HS0*($DP:B

M@$3U42PI(5$]%4LP1AQ5W\22#&7+Q++ED.2B!'
LE$Z'\RN4`))4D&B!G@N
M`691R!!)@N40:D'*7R#4`N2!*LAU((DP0H(M2!)\MT.I99:`N;8*)LDP20:
,

ZLF1W5#M'[`U[;HB.)

C%N.21J



3AH!LPU:

M;Q8?U0NQ+
'[Q4?U6BQ+\$HQHB-)\`H_2B#5#][:1PDD5[71PDD=[:1PDD

M+8=$O?'/-OCX`B60)/CJ`B60)!4DZGU_]H9O*Y`AD@3?3*$6I*SIU*H!4F
M+Z90Y($'TFA%B1)OD&/I!\/)JL?'Z#LDF][ZO00DD3Z@P75$R1HK%GQ3
MQS'`]XE8^4F2#*7.WBCU$O4CW4\!FT*4X-LXW*ED@T_DCI4HP5=QJ#G)!E_#
M(3J2!!_%H65)$GQP?%3?T'(
\-TQHB-)\*DQHB-)
L0M$^.60Z(^N.3KX%/7
MH_KLDB45).I+2Y;@@]:C^MZ2)?BN]:@^L60)OE;%G4H2'!\`&VF]@-


35[P\?HB(XDP3?I

M$G4



MZ!-QK)CD#3V?*

]9\ZT/]XU9\B7?Q^?L5?+L!3:)SCCC])<<()ODMU.O*7\_G5_@/%
MO7)_Y.+3_PL```#__P
_3(!@)@@22SO_OO?
M7[^\^=?]T_/#X[?W9Y/SB[
W]]\^/'Y\^/;G^[/#/O^OF[



MS^3Q^.G3PX?[]/'#WU_OO[T


SU[\_5#4OWY[?'I[H\ON.]_3^9W'R3OXW\H^Z\/





M'CZ^?'Y_-KLZG\POKJ:79V_^N']^R1]
TK
W'_Y^?GG\^K^#SL3F-.0QM7G
M4

YN3R6




M&DCT5$VCIVI4&EU%).2$RF(E$0J(C61ADA+I/2$UD161/9$-D2V1'9$SGX

MUN@N1AFCG%'!J&14


]HPVC+:




D8YHX)1R:AB5#-J&+6
.D8]HQ6C

5A`C
'P[3METCM^2$.RXG:

4-DI%

MTYS
NAS5AJROSZ.&I.*LZS%-T`1-HE=!
ZK!BF/5G
ZCFVL]-7F..KYH[ZF=








MFS&W=`Y];]NQN'LL%K
!7?N/F-4*71O'ASAA9M&-Z\7G%J&9D&(7G+#DA!4G
MKWR(D@-)VP9=9Q7SUHK1NL@86AA,U;7+QC^/%^%[



MJ.

M$ZXXX3I(&)K9CR?XC1?'#68#NO(?+0[_6*T)!G'R4*0*RQ26*ZRP+'A!4A4N

M6BT/I8PR1CFC@E')J&)4







S*7MAV9TAV-QFMDI;@[
MRN
X


MC%:
UHPVC+:


\FA7D#<+9RDL_`P\C3JQJ:<F%2!36*ZP0F&EPBJ%U0IK%-9Z


MY'N;T1#./\Z#S+Q48K]\9
.


HEK

M7+BDL





1!&])H%&7G'/:X@Z^O%UL[[-M![8DDLN

^18VLQ1!D#APTH





R593LRI[=3V'YD+NUA
M9

M6F&-PEJ%=0KK%;92V%IA&X5M%;93V%YAAY%SD:SI[V[L+4.75`9H*4Y]-H


J&)6





ME3B@E52G
^]$[?7




M/D@8&LJ






_HV=]0/K6E1]!4@_HSCM*2FI(PR
M1CFC@E')J&)4
VH8M8PZ1CVC%:
UHPVC+:

M%#H0#.04EXLF/M-#AQ0^'U
AJO+FU_T,JHXQ1SJA@5#*J&-6,&D8MHXY1
MSVC%:,UHPVC+:,=HS^@0H-!T4CVV+2:A5

MWV]XB&M1]&A&8?.ETW*/YI!7\&@2RCEAP:AD5#&J&36
6D8=HY[1BM&:T8;1

).A_)J;;Q+G]/DE^

ME9BA#U\9XT080Y
L8*:%:J8E)*;_S+EAL)*87C1+
&9)3+^9)1B:)*;WS!*
M4!+37V8)!B*)Z36SI(7$])-9@G@1TFC61-@(:30)@D.PCB99P&X+U6Y+2
R(

M:XC]HFR:!


M\-4V
5\).3=\J(7G-`F^T
)SF@1SJ-&

MP6J$Q

Y9@34F2JQ*L(TG,
M_'M.@R4CJ%6:I,+]F+5#G`:+S1*SA(@E6&6M*H$B\H2LWJ(TV#56&(6$;$$

42+-Y+S/HK



MV&

EJH$NR4F9N
^O@YV
M2$S


;LB=D!G45)&8?<)9@<_;$[`;.$FS1GIB]OEF
M#=@3L^,W2W!:`G+3;(`3$A*S^3ZGP:D(B=F#GR4X#0$ET0X%`$ET0X`&U
M2I/@Q`IX09
L(5FJ$IQ
D9A#KAL.'\_M$D!23F?`).@^
EX`5=
H=$JU4X
MN`46U20XK05VTR0XC@5VTR0XE076T20X=@6U5Y






?)]!=FI_Y/CX\O\A]4FK?_/#[]=?S
M^-O_P```/__`P!02P

Y

MZ7#XXEE_O_

^
'`

M^HU8;

M^%7DQ38YX'*@S8$N!_H$N()QHX584K]BH6?W%K)N%0.)R9DYS
%#FAQP.=#F

X+AZ]F5R+N
RDFE7@F0_[?7![K9!&(4XAK4(ZA?0I(M3'
MGC34]RA6(+;/#]958)HCS@G37!I9CTQC

MK4(ZA?0I(I1%IDR4I7QUN8)QYX?][9?J`-\68[KRW-((0E;1(4TG$*:172

`WR(Z5!A!0B)Y?K;%DQUS+D[&F1[9LF

M#;4
78\KHM-0+R!A1(&6RK!B@*49#

MN[[

!
_+


M:A




VN2[A6C3


.



M$]TH.J7='PVP[(\8@B=X1]2$I1T!0Y'+
928Q5#
.!U!::TDR%+;;F1\1LFZ
M4X:R`.;//(B-.H)RD86FB70VWC&4FA7FYSCD4CH:(FP

I&
M@D1H`@:#6.&&1B:08RBU(0Q
=.R(*X%Z@BRU?9-@J!UZ!^10UJ?R.=I'*PM-
M5K5K8GL]-$&


]+9IXZ'


]0QE!H5A%!<<B$=C1`&

LH8R+
M_1*@)2:

88]CH
M3\J&C0

IT@/(5@

MSE%9+6I($%C85D?0*CGN
U=(C


MWM@'%.II6J2S2QU#Z0H;Z_SPD$4'9J2SE)ZD6;*/N#-W:/[@QE!8O=0G4\:
M!&)+-I1C*+6-!L:MTC%7A'JK-WC*VM
!N/N0571Q`U\DC0-]?^S8M/8N7

9CY
MPB,$S6(\:OQ[R);3N!V;$4M3/.E)C
6V[)N'!M71C]BP[QR`_IR_`.CLF=#


^3KSX5BD9V&7B


0H=[RU[+WPZS-T/3).^,6#R&-0;F1DPW\TLC@\_6PPOQ
M<<YWM







M2HAS0H-BA&D610'BL_\AJ5+^``-M$6!

E]`$IC4G`M8.-?G^MY6E#\
M*W--P24`^






M\`H^\9\#:XUJ4/Q'P9J[Y_A$XN[Y[A$XNSY\1R8%R-;H8?\+F9?MY]\_M
M\?/^^73QN+O'20UO'O&8X!C^VDWXY4P?Y7\ZG/&W:W8P]]*P5\EVN$+V*E_
M9G]_.)SY%ZA[-?Z=HP__%P```/__`P!02P


B0E:?]^E&0[EG)!^Y#&Y!'/(46363V^





EH!$WPZ-9$]`*FC


B\1BTA`(/UQM8A4^O0LQU
P
-?W=

M9?W[!


$
M_UX\J2CUU[OGL4#_-O5;CW[W^G/[]EO7'/YH;C54&_9)[\!+
MVW[6T(\'/00/KV=/?QAWX,_..]3'ZO4R_-6^_5XWI_,`VYWH1_;M!6:?[UK

MXT/`MH?1+[L\?EY_@1KM+:0P$&CQ!T101#DA=)UT5H4&UL#K00Y6C
A-'/0H



/76-'J6ER;
'];$-P.)QY6+4`8L
M7M(X(ZQH5'ZO,-DB.SW*V+G&G8&8MEM`M[0+
RX*QR6(7J:E$X;DU.#J71Z




]
XS$7*
M+==PM`D4K,1A4?HQ-1U^.[*)?=Q:F$)&)`YZ\R:2IMA4K)8!E&(?ICB*@)W
MN2AG:D.3L,JY_8B0=5IA01.=2`8I.01,6D\GZL4!0B!W9^2AD;[03=*':9O
M(2+DKR$69

#'AMLOV!36Q2
Q.


M2&(_89M?DJ,TYDP$D(+('RTUJ_P
]8`.7GEFC[#_O$:J'[2%PF@K^D*$D0
M


*)%@GE!0ALFQ6288`W:7O2P]QHJRI.TW=&2VXDF%*RS(LA:Y
MY)Q*ALCFZLX0*2X_);IL2=&)0EN219DB4;QAK\*EQ0AXX0C%$5$W_\(%VF?


QE)5^'OOK7CYLH6H?A



M?OJK^F3;9CI_N/



MC$[6/^VCCC[@

M$


@[`%T_/:BJOIM_@]S:1<YFC--03B<Y54LIO:2H:DDY


M^@


MYX#F@.&`+0`2)IR/(V$ZE$YUPPZ(3:`T?N6;Q2U?VR[9T\SV7#S-C)`)WL:
M8#A@X!H@
.TT




4(*LF5OP)LRU4PE+*FI7:C0J<H*1:S-@9T/W`WJ
]


M#:\JJG(



M)Z
\=$/^H3TMI1:($8A%)'A=%






M$8@M$2J'EGR1:R.E7US2JK+TPX57;)ADSZ(XHM%'XAA$_`H)KQ;M?(7@J?Q8

]J=`,0*Q)4(6IQZO[!ZF2N0E+9**:HA(
MG%#6_1HS\&'%B+[
()C$8D;*=^EJ93QPEZ'DU/`#;KFTC;;/F37''&/!;
M




EKLCG0Q&S+]1^^!O;




ME1RCQ1@C$%LB=&W&*WTC*[VX\T1.4`-OF;!*U?W`WJ

PX^?%'V
M803'(A(6+CNE2L:[@W;DV8*XYD126#`FLT-CKH7B!:($8@M$1JYJ]RK6A

M/N$-R-P)!7AO?'PFO#;]GG_]^WY^7Z3%[W3]`_+&:W4/7/X:WQ\

AN&:?H!0Y_C_!1[^!P``__\#`%!+`P04
M``8`````$`R_\6Y,4``'!P``&````'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970X
M+GAM;(Q5VVZC,!!]7VG_`?F]7$*2-A%0-9?N5MJ55JN]/#M@PK&R'::]N]W

M.L
5KTF

3/?7WH,TQI9AK7X`?/<YJ2'4^/C-3*D@A2807Z94D;V;*Q




V%K

M;6R
F%V/HS84AN\K]3\@[C=@0R!$258S74V[4BM557=[S1`G00
X`N9C_WV/







M#=@]-2L2P+H


M*WC.#HK9G-B18=SX%$*[




L4JX2)VYR$V$1PN9\+DO0Q;



;T

LK^ZOLKW4W!`V[@&8L

]3=,RQX06]$)]Q:@&$FV?&J4-G3;0=ZOV92R(SL<+O!2
M,*.MKET.!*%7N9<D((`:;VJ!&3@RXX
KTN\R9;WMYBL5Z$^?P7?V[-W9%N]
M_VI$]5TH#L6&-OD&;+5^]JY/E3?!97)Q^S$TX*=!%:_IKG._]/X;%TWKH-LS
M?X7I#B+!$TGA1P`RIZ\ESB&J%Q;XLD\F2W229;/,-IRZQZ%OXL1VUFGY;_H
ME(7HD14T/%!'URNC]PCZMZVIWY*LF4.N3-OW'AKB6'`@&?!^K+.BL6*O$`:




2YX;6R4



M'XK3KAY5E^)
)2_5];1KZ




MC

M@U

$)H@
D%L@L0$
MJ0DR$^0]







J

M0(@,9`$2`HD`Y+WB:8:[5.@VD\6G:BBRR:)(=O*D.UF=),-B`\D`!(B8#$
M0!(@*9`
2-XGFFPBF_Y5W=HZNG`=TI5S)H9RRNHF'2(?48`H1!0ABA$EB%)$

*$&4(LH0


^](W'PTAW+_=5W1WN:H(Z_


*$'WJ;)2[AW7.)1ERHK=YQK2919I;$_F


MOC)&RE?.J/6EJR+29ILJ
IVFBBS!FB*BD$#;:J?&T&_82
21;X_.R.D/UF1B
M#-=6F7





D?397

K61;YB$OYV*
W:YQ3/K9



MP=KZ!'10]\0Q$?M#AW


M-R(O5=7P'Z*!VV^^'O\!``#__P


M[R.+I$Y6[*F(]UE;6[.[SXHMQZK8EDM2DIEOOW\0:.)HQ/;
P]CY]4&PT0#1

M\65_


8:

M1!O])'K@R_'X3:A6]P+!^)I9YT

D/PG9R=??]

\5
9XJ)OZ



.`

!;D+
1#9DBF
]
ME62.W#6M72-2J16<I(QDC.2,%(R4C%2,U(PTC+2,=(;Q(K6$@G7[`$MH,E
M21B.$UK2
I(QDC.2
%(R4C%2
U(PTC+2
=(;Q(K


NU)8?!L]Z8H
7R]*4L/E!*42UNQ
M28$.7IHSE40KN44FJWB%=(YGRAK(O*5$]+NT(Z+TM^HH5(3U:X76PR[A
M4/TUD5F)%6[M&''#7O+T`Z4J5\@9(UAA4HB196VD5.0B=BIP7A7.F;2SG*
M.
HY*C@J.:H4



U5P(.L5=!6U:JO06J.$D'X<I!QEA,QX2O=KC0JN57)4$=)/B)JC
M1J&-?MJT''4<]1:R`RCJ".`XXI*UA=6H3:Z`=N$B@4R<EPLW$6+*E6H'AG










MK5*4EI.YSB2::BWJS(S0.[.O;(3CWMGU*


9^1(K_=R0M9$Z2Z.

MNBWUR/0$UXQ
/U;:D6G;;F1Z8/4C&VRM`8*/3]Z.IMKRQR0@OV24GV`][T]?

VX_C5Q^0[F=XQM*
[?1$HT=DL2Y!)XT\.63;'$;6Z\WS&VQ&`;\



M
[?!UGTLMIJY!#OX:+5/@O
:L3@GP&UJ2

MXOP`E_20]%X)CD#A.L



M=
3B\P1^G2TDXDL


M)WCP^


M
Y


MW5P.E







!Z43<1V/
M:L1:0TP1X3:Q06J#S`:Y#0H;E#:H;%`;8(Z$#%G!W/I45H2^R(J.)]+`2).5
M`JVA31(;I#;(;)#;H+!!:8/*!K4!2`JP2I@IT/=?X/LIBMVX_TL:6B1U5OVB

P7)DA&V7O51:H:8
I17-




MA8*Q`XD5V@3#)$TT&N=MJM%HF&FT&PQSA;;CCEXHM#32P0TK;E@30QJOZ
:


M-&)/*JE:38SJYB244&G*-7(S(=THTIEO9RQXA@4M)MN2'9&;1$Q:W8FE$I





MRYA/A4)D6C+#BAO6Q)#&*[I25[RJ6S47:8G(HN6OK?TK]J266K4\?VDW0\FH





ML

?CD2*;+X





8C

ME^.EFYR:9VQVB_X-VE7^_D=^N:G728_M#3_G05^.'UC@=UH-&DATM=/)

$%``&``@````A`(\*&R))$@``=U8``!D`



WAXWK\[_WHX?
LN+_?W7[=/=_N+
MW;?M
R2?=R]/=P?\\^7+Y?[;R_;NT]'HZ?$RF4QN+I_N'I[/1P_9RVM\[#Y_




M\NYP]_[MR^['&68C1'G_[4[-;=-LBNZAAXQN73N(
);OE?H'I?_N'!

M]
_WL^GMV\L_





UHX)1R:AB5#-J&&T8M8PZ
M1CVC(4!!*^%(K6PL=6


MJADUC#:
6D8=HY[1$*`@Y.C:4L@5#D
^DCCD\0O2:=F0
UHQRAFM&16
2D85
MHYI1PVC#J&74

MQ:AFU##:


M1&HB#9$-D99(1Z0G
O@DB*?*-_V`ZG3F0J6.AZ\/]W_




H9#@

MU]SF3:

5^-WH=&-&O5VFR*-EK5+IV4
5XQRAWQ?T72P=EK&5\&H
M=

TJ@2O=

KX)1Z9#O*YJN
M*Z=E?-6
&D8;1BVCSBW(N@9#0$*FTQECUZ3V0$V9I5!TXPHN0UFS91FS5%M
MYM9\2Y57HFT\M&*4,UHS*AB5CI&-:.&T891RZACU#
:`A1&72604M05C]8A

Z16&.50:


-
MZLMI8YFK\49@K67.MK/





-RH^?9


ME#-:

MUK*OZ$W1R%I153=BB?R6$Z

M.$&G&I'J5.;EM%!'


MW'6*\E55KHRAOS]R'0^?6O9%0_$UC[*12IQ=1:_
]E4E=K)6Y*MW)1['
.7G

M9UM:YG*9RC)G6UOF]!J!;2QSMJUESK836&^9LQTL.]8Y6(C@1'0P?FGJC/*]




M_FG/:V.HL\/PP$9AI
YMJ=%IMY4Q'-T*XVVLG)=S-J]RO'&._5$9#:Y6]A5I


;_)AN-S


=D

&&!&H@2;#C@-:6)-A20
M)DCGJ-O])W1*
+*G6









(T0\D0X-8YQ*$IS5S]31;2X'1_$S=8;
M)3A]GZDCVRS!X?I,'=QF<[39^JH-DMP9AYYCR3!+1J4(\T[N#B#<B0)[LID
MZHH&EX/K
:B!)

M)8I

M6DZRP74V/(\DP:VV3-U5XG)PEQQUDT86[BU#(LU5N`L+B?3&6$PQQ^


M$(B-)
&O



_3!\$
5W@Y?QAT/'?QS&

MU9N)^O&)S[O=P?P#15_:GXQ]_U\!````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`H&(4







SJ_G+V\+F+N9LIU/MP<;F#ITX?/CZB!<?O5R^G+Q^M?5L=AO[N^
M^?1A=-#_/I[^?`U^OWK]=OZS?'G\W#T^G^!MM)-I@5_/Y]\,M?YL(C?D'8Q



D)Z0@I2D(J0FI&D
M):0CI=D!'A

F@.-D)R0


D)Z0@I2D(J0FI&D):0CI=D!'A

]9Y1

M-9[E;+4




M7!4]IG[78YKX

MEITA[^[486A)U]LRATW9_CCYRBT6MI2C!:JEQ4S#.'
5J]:*:J.HMJS:*:J]



M-/]/V02FNLY(8M+NL4GB'68#[%LYGDLMYAP+ZN6BFK%JK5:Q2L9=5.H?4*


MXE9:*A5+%5NJ`]HXIN]N%QL_HB^7%+[^R:Z`+9OM8K.'0_P2Z@.*LS0(2[(Q


M^X2#K8/:'58&*V,Y69]`BT2N*2PTJ8190*5K%JK=`:!6M9M5-HO8(-0E5Z


F/
VTTM+@*Y8M59HC8*UK-HIM%[!!J$J/6;R!UX



WNA=F5I:X)R



9:ME0%]!T0WW`


YSR4K@O`E:'S`Q]'U]%273J=DY$V14MY%SLT#NHC:W


TW)]%C<

F
=`\YA*&P&


M*



M:=JX+
D/Q!9:'X(UEYGFYV69@N46N_.JA4(K%:QBU5JA-0K6LFJGT'H%&X2J
X<2$_[0LNWN7;;[R/;*O.S#

HM%'BC8%;)4
6*
M-;
:AEI6[)C5

SFI:GEF3C:A7/IC(O=ZV8


M2+7


M

$5

X

M*];

M=F9-T;&+@JSTCW7145DH

P@SL@DN


M9Z9B

M6TCX=
Z7G*V2%2M6K)G5

MDC&4
U0P5#)4
50SU##4
M0QU#
88+L-Q@<,+SS*=7GRSW


'^9Z?
91;2/B7$R-6
MK%BQ9E;#4


C2JIXXUOY0VJWE+7)UYNFN1^06


^9U&P5K9\SK


Y0P5#)4
M50S5##4
M0QU#/4


M??HPX]/%T
E^C9NAQQV')-E`

MV-%

M:QUXCB;!NC%TM)#&\C%*K4FP3`QKFB1!?9(+]=F@%;2:8JT2-=4D!21F`8WC






MI=8D!21F)Z]2:DC

JT%Q/X7$;)#GY^20



O4)#CW
M?S2G^ED'!_N/YM@^2W!R_VC.Y;


MF@07IN$YF@0WHN$YFB1!39


ZP/9I+5[ELN*@6WM$D?R6J'Y+(<E4
M:Y(/9K+._DY!23FODZ6X#;4H[FUDR6X%/5H+NID2X^/9KK.EF^T]14TV

5;PLP=7&
M\(XFP0W'\(XFP27&J*DF25?1*T/+B!'J;6:XHYQE%J3%)8ZZZU4B/34R6X




MTI974XQ`VL)5@5%&PVN




M````$`2KKC!F


M;6R
6-N.XS8
?2_0?S#\OK%E)XX=)%G

2:V`MMSV;\O
M=;$D6E*[+X
)11WR4#RTH/WGC^X6O=%A;%E_B




?]J04&O.S10
^'^('L'M=9
MG!SWHD!_M_1]M/Z/QBM[_WEH3[^V/85JPSGQ$WAF[(6[?CUQ$VQ.G-U/X@1^
INLASHO5
M9IOF)-O$T3
/=(BNL02.7RII_JX']A[!`<+WN.]YFU

=:=09DULQ
MIK2X1PD-8.V7-:XRG1Q?QD#*@I

M/I:P'!%%:=?*E3-1)APA
(



$$O



J%C*`
ZSCTZMCZG8AD?



M

^/9R4#






M_S5/%R@LIY\T_Y#??).ORD,YA^B^39O%R@_TX^Z@O3&,K0TF/^(;_Z-G^E



E#%0Q4`=`TT
M#'0Q4`?`T


*!5[D15+`;R&ABH(R!*@;J
DD
MLSYUEJ<BNR<D(R0GI"D)*0BI:D(:0EI.D)V0@Y$#(D9#11X)(H_WT(RVM
MAH'1PJ=FT.\6\8AGH26R[E\[PG),D)*0@I:D(J0EI&D)Z0CI1D(.1!R
M)&3TD2#$Z&?\$-L6^\H
D%Z^/GSZ
WT\#;

M\7X6$D
G%S6)[M0U_
MO2+3]9M
-Z'I]7*]NHIJ54NF.VOZ)@C(.GK:WDG-M8A




TT4&G8S!I)5/4LM-RBSYJKU783






M85

%RB_F)4\1*!:M8M5;$&@5K6;53Q'H%&UCUH(@=
M%6P
5
.LM5*Q5K&U
MVA

32&%@*

;=DX66U]X[OUG



ML5Q=K;R..QI8M/P[G5A`)^VB$Z^
]4Y*6JV!;1TL=#[21[$U1?I7/H_![X0%
M!9V(6E`
'@TL)@@%1?S?F]VAD(*S`F460AD0*+=0D'52+%FQ8L7:0MXO-JS8

S8?;
S%_+GJP(
MS4_74Y0T,-,4%`_



M&Q$U#+6LV(F4


+1LH#LDT



S

$Q*66S71.RIA9T?:OW@F(F8'-')S4J;)=1_W=

E2Q8LU2
M#4
M*W8LU3
TL.*!I8X




#:QXL)#W
MC$=1=`/M
5`


M#N8U@E./RGM2[93L9W:21D[FRTVBGOS4GIKX,3%N9:-=D[JS*H=U)B:V!;

CH'1


MV-;!V=)=.CH!
3
&9L+LF0FY
OS`H([JQP0%]8.F\YE5#.K')!5DAQ1+5JPL

MR.V3@1
=2R


MDEFI8$@V204)LXIN@%2*HH
JWF*M4BY7VP8:EFQ$REGOF=H8,6#2+E?/#(T
M!HIAA*/IO[PR6/,TWT)AE8E?&5@AM$EGFM_,24DARWD1;-P4F=LE4Y*;%5L
MJQ:IJ62N=@O^[

MXN+O&!@-\_S*6L.:UQHL%-0DN[K@BF=FI8+.9Y(*4DB*)2M6%O(4:Y%RY;IA

$?KR(FW[O3.Z62XZ
2RS;R2XK`+C[A*Q4I\S'YO#E\
MNXG*T-X3DT*4*5BN8(6E0I6*5BM8(VM0K6*5BO8(.'13LJ&!CB(7Y
Y-U

S`?)T:JEA?!%D!3G/4
90SE#!4
E0U4`A6Z;*:I74'[9Y$Y3



MD\W8:L;R&7
SQ

7+]Y9;IQPL/IAH66.-G?176[B=[Q

9\Q[-8GB.4]V(OG@I'2U6*@MIC_G*F/^&Q_P6
H\I

5=:





M4

Y0S5#!4
E0Q5#/4
-0RU#'4
M
S0$4!@W

K


@O_]NX8]Z;

MGHAXU+*ESD+R:
N;#7\5Z



%0R5#%4
]0PU#+4
=0S-`10&#8SP=)&


M5-&$$1E`
J66[RV$/P)E%O+WEEHHR
QDRU
L1='M3ZM8L;:0I]BP8LN*'2OV

+^;$4J:G\

M&`HC'\SH

MMG/%.6

MY0P5#)4
50S5##4
M0QU#/4

MGI5R'1U]`Y1;D:`1F!PX;[L4V[:KN^$W)FRZMM!YTTUD&IOIHI+3LNGN3:9[
M






M4U#96@[&%%=FCF@#)3@3'%E!FT!HDIF

MC&GGV1HZUL0T]\R@
X5O&H-.%+YI#/K2Q/0!;`U#:V1!*VK[VR4BJI4=C-;@




8#4*7FL

(#


M@ZUAZP*RH.E@%PBRH#'IS3(QVSO9VAZ
V=#)#/:LXGDTI@!C=G*R3@7&;.AD

5D1FL`
3OFE


)/MU3U;0_&'.[.CB0!QYH#


.8D*XX;
MCAI#YC2F`&





#A*E?8\





[@T$T^J
;@?$T^J
;B2$4^J
.AJ#*\V1'_UY
M,97&=Q2CB?5=`HPYFYK]@!WD2
&&H
KR5$2-0;7CB


6C4
M&+1@6I7IP'0JTX/I568`
ZC


MP8PJD\*W5/5M#R93F1Q
KC(%F%)E*C5RJ3P+55]VX/)58'DZM
`:94F0I
MI3(UF.85!FLU.+R

0C0\



7G\?OKGU_N[S_<XFA.[IR\O





+C);Y

MB(2H=#G0Y\0`V,.3#EPG0,W.7K@*0+L#B8+JA6RS@@^OTY!OLR#NIZE;K8

%R]'B]E59
M9VX'H34Z=A&JZSS\B]`2?X/T!AD

AID
LBU06X





MV6`MGI-J^MLK6PI&T+Q5'19*D2W7.7SJY=F='#SJG@!BD.;E5?U&I)7:VR




E?\?/4!4DX6$H4_`X)28W-&N-B7R/4:2^
ME+)Q9D%30QY9E
^=\P.:3XQFZ$L/%D%VY9!C


GN$T


30YZ/?C&!

MLLYL61

M`J6CDQ*[XT?(]TGW

'L1UP'D






M0)J9&/*\]N;M:UL!-+!84P'QT*]0-H)6]FPE`X.0Y[9:64C:SJ]G9-*8&R



M&--)VT*]0
H+AI2-HX4FACRS_5IC8VL-@9+PE-LLF;8LQDF[+++P=9%?@B.0

9

V^E]2*A8Q8L.)&I65&RPRJO+)GWUAJ_
MA*%)D=T&90D`JXC8L76L9C*#;U`VJVE`)%U=62I9(D,4I[9E,%MGMZ$Q*[S
MM$!9+


5-?+D-83
M+QE*@A
P%8EN;C!]&BJ0=B(H*AM'EE+0Q)`3G*U?7
QP.K\$RH*3/QQ@
0Y.




WL+(TM)N5M


3^#;Y*EK;.ECG8+V#


M:+309*%K]U8Z#:!$G]I-FI_3RU1LWQ:Z`@4=Z]:W46ZBTT6&BTT&2A:PO=
M6.@V@=)^T7.,K]_\?,[6P?5#)WZ`^(X79NWEQQOL!;!&2
]=PT=`0:!/KY


E_HJV^9O68H+


K)=T3E)+NR=JI\G9N;#NW#'FC@ZI8-3I.UH2AZDW67H96

K@Z!^L=

M^%AEV=W:A:HL\3I`R3/`JLZ20
N*J-#$CLYO84&AA!#41PM-50ZA)54M$E

MY9&EL++
Z7:[

MAJ0B;8TL!2\$FACRS*:2QS$[5$*)V0'*8YAU?HOM8EJ6N&3))DT76;&M%T@[
M%=J@%7Z)5K7+M@E&5DS\Y(NG88Z9+1V^5


]XIC-98JJJ;$!3Z'((Y;%I&4QCEB9[U9WD1=/


*1M'



MW3*`H2EC=:;=9D_YV3+-KMXWR`.609+=4[:Q#++IGI*.908PE&@L
X&A?&.9




:V-H*A1S
.L\4XP/LEIG`3Z#9]Y8X[W1V]8%


+H
7

O21F6YO`T+MB#K/!
M2


MWIJ'CL?@O7!8X(Y1


9P-`7

@SYHW#YHP;0N

OA&%[9Y.@.8P66:JLE/N:WMN%0A'WG
M,CC[8$\G!UB=`0R=%F90P=&F99HULAB_6+8
O_^&IQ_1@Z/-XJS.`&5T&
M'_



Q.
T4%G@C!














64./CE



UWO+
M.3)G(1F)8Y@Q:\*F
9#%0!X#10R4
5#%0!T#30RT
=#%0!\`-]!P$A*R_RTA

9`%0-U##0QT
9`%P-]``C5D/*D

2$I(1DA.2$%(24A%2$U(0TA+2$=
M(7V(
TP2D/-W
@T


C.*T9(



MJCW+Q6H8:CT4QMK(6)UGN5B]@$1/0:ZPIUP.&UCV@D4VR^&&O9POHE-(1L)N






M%3.EB*;86*((Q1P4IN\ZRLW$S
I8O4R?WM)5



M29O=/=.%HXV)6\\1$P7'=D%A.24JH^BN404'J@+:.`KV4:`Z8+@6-1RH


GFZD;^*


M.@7KA:M4S-0RFF*NQIG4.2XM)
?Z(GJ/DUA:($[*4
90SE#!4
E0Q5#-4
-0



:$ZNQ:*:\FNE4*K




ZU07$MVK11:K6`-
MN[8*K5.P7KA*Q4QAHGFH9`
0M%-[
HGY+E2`O$21G*&
H9*A@J&:H8JAEJ
M&&H9ZACJ!23%
IV(5:

M1///9:F91:[]:ZY0BL4K&372J'5M:P:ZO0.@7KA:M4\D(=MN(ZS$+KM5LR
M$V5H8@FW?BE=RE#&4
Y0P5#)4
50S5##4


M;:3EIZN9`ME'2.3G`7)F*X(RBP4J)$SJVH9

J4



'
MC@4[ENQ8
:MFJ&''EED=0[UPE$)%%99;(+[F2LI(E-Y$8QEV52=1_.I^W@!
M2NKYKELSPEAQ^9
4:

M].+,+('+E1F:Z[,+12=60%&9=:5@!E%A**DF/!CB4[5LRJ&6K8L656QU`O
M'*50%VHQ%*IQT6^A*%6C]SZ)94U)):?^E50=#R2$'2$A[
0:LV
3)5GA#^NR
MH[10$*;R+)NK\9R


X0;B
M12


%0R5#%4
U0PU
M#+4



M7L)KK85$ME*)DSJ63^#

Q
M(H0:(7.)ZL42XFFY$5J)(RE#&4
U0P5#)4
50SU##4


MP:*W+86GNZ`E!ZT\:PBZFJVBB97:




JSAMO)


I0QE#-4
%0R
M5#%4
]0PU#+4
=0+2

90SE#!4
E0Q5#-4
-0RU
M#'4

MA=H'&_'&S^\6DM/%B^B9-_$LGV2V'/+#.&-6SE#!4
E0Q5#-4
-0RU#'D-F2

?'MLO#UL51

)\CNKY)+8&6EN`2;]T6K-@KE_M%JS8$X?K=8LF-I'JS4+WM0=







MF!6[;
':YX-9N
L6+($^F
6Z;

4%K
0GJ-EL)CU

MT*X4^)X-O:!9\


S8+O^P_F
MZWWVP0?\!_-Y/EOPA?[!?'_/%GRC^-H%NR`A\UXV$QVW5P-&QQ@FB:!;MP



'GYLP7Z)![.3'UMR6
SF?6S!UH@'LX4?

'OWL06;(1[
=GULP1:'.%/-@KUJX:/E-3:DA8]F.4(W

]4L

(8
MZF@6[&0
=30+-BO&F6H6;#J.5FOG@XW&T6K-@KW$T6K-DL-BMK766HU*3[5@
M\WT6O/ID;Q:[AX7J+^PXSH?!=OYH\V:!3OVH\V:)8?%[3/T;`W/]JL6;!%
M/]JL6;`+/Y36+-B




MF%UOJS@0AN]7VO^`N#]\A7Q528X.6-T]TJZT6NW'-25.@@HX`MKT_/L=
X!G
M3#?M3=N
7P^/9^R7.KNO;U7IO
JF+52]=T

M67W





(?QZ+-)?`3J%R*R+COL&G5S


S]@Z@CMJ`5G
2U(R;#YIK'P`4K/KF;\S60CPV
8102-<`!MM*:#




^Z
M


WV*XK<#7P[T-^P_6D`[NS7[Q_SYIS4;=.*4\P-?#6
MT*4&K_?XH5/7_@+ZI#JXK?=_7N!K&`D7-[AWN,Y)J6[\H`&G+W8._P$``/__
M`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`'T_M50O!```!0X``!D```!X;]W;W)K<VAE971S

V%(;O*_4_(.X7
`$2HB2K38!VI:U45?VX)L1)


MYZW[A:P+$KO^;B



#I$C438#`LY%@HER++Z@#[Q


M


*EC0

2CQ4E7QL'3=XH0D&[]+@E<?/0LR[.FU$*^9.T`0HC\:-A0P+


4G%/3)#JJX7

09I@FZ&/5$FG10K


M_P

PF
M3F-

O?[Z^W/RQ.Y[VA[=/




MY27X_G





MEL!(85P$G@F)&P!`T8B30LKL3(3/I(DLE==Z:FXX;;;$7SM&%_UERMF'HQ
MEB62FI?I1]49Z:Y*0QM%X=C45D^VD\`3P
Y+V$\&SDND_+PT2^%EDS3U9[82

M.2.B%C=)



MBU



M&^0TY8DK12A#1YN[59

)DII-#ZQ



M$FYM.*?,4@:Y4HP05'*W:E(!T4`,$`O$`?&4<$O#V62&V036_JRIQ]\485T


<H/=*&`$LP:

MQ`)Q0#PEW!)/'?W=V_Q'GHID4370`E%`-!`#Q`)Q0#PEW-)PVIBG('&Y!B%L

M(`Z(IX1;&DX7\Q03KJR#

4_!X7(-]N'B

MB`9B@%@@#HBGA%E;#


5G*9LL






+_?A
K



`K;95R!;77-.+)TR:+J+_4K1(%&@W$`+%`'!!/



(
TC7C^

`2!6L0H
(*&=RC2RNLBSR!0UB$FD:^9'+


&N((B`*B@1@@%HC+9/B=3?%M@G%CZHXDN4LO!TRO?7O=

MPVO7HB.3BHL^Q8'G8\3Z0I2\KU/\^]?3S3U&2M.^I*WH68K?F




9P%Z(%P-]+HT)
M@LE5])
%'28@39`O)J:99
M(L4)P7)`2C50LVK!!HC/%9QEC#5!9PN#?C1P&P1J%5B/61S?)N0(32K.F*W#
MP(J/F&.V%T0ICI#FT\
!(2-ZJ#DB;J+&.=BUC[\PS;:T@X1^RN$=&)'\'


M2@A].9CG97SULW\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0MPEDVX@,``

```9


M[PU3UI!^YZ

ME5TPYAY8Z-G.OW`^;



0#





M]?%'C82*D+Q(6?%JOZ7DYD%U@$LV5*+6T`8
BQND$42R%LIGH948$#.0ONVS

EPJO21O4(/2_0TUH76H6:61


-$KCP*KK


MCZ





M^[HL6B[XJ0O`78A$[3.OPE4(GG:;8PDGD&GW6G;:^E_)FI*5'^XV*D$_2G87



MI8-?F6U@-M*#



9.8IH&B@418X_DJ


_PQ4=T18_J85V`:$L
M=KJ
^F0]:


'

K*&

MP74-$NI[)\Z[X4$&&%_D=O\!``#__P






MY4D^37.
MMRZC?#!&+&]=5K^E[)B14HZ8D]S-E&N7W\23Y/X0$14
EC]31

M1@\]#$%Z+V1PEM]M\MGW

$%``&``@````A`+`4*_`K!P``




MM_NMM[U;?$/%[1E/;/)X*D?.4C5$;6I#F0ZD.M`H0.E!S@W.0A:N\C'A)V


M9S7VAS'LB8&D!I(92&X@A8&4
J*8CW-I

S$%/@;




]K&P6:T=8-9=!
M:PA(#4^O3

.+55/



9;0VK!
@N66[#@I4JIH:K!
B%).+;
N0^Q6%
'VGXY4@

_6`=EXLEKIF=`J0EE)I2;4&%I0*I




J9
M[&U`&5N7;I87@#)V

*;3:9&`&.K5;C
$6)E8)C





(5WL3S

)%WL2+

MSB4K][%M!_X%#UY
OYW=_P\``/__`P!02P

M%;

M0:'[3;&/)ML[U#7^=PUL6?FFI9HBV%)5)#T\MIOOW\TD$@`F6Q2ZV)1_OY
M(`NG`E#5J%_^\]_?OK[[U]WCT_W#]U_?KRXNW[^[^_[IX?/]]S]_??]__ZOZ





M][]7V]M/E/;I/T3RW^X_/3X\/?SQ?('D/MA`Y37??+CY@)1^^^7S/:[`%/N[









PI.*9@4!4T!@&PH*FMFSPK^\Q
M'OJVO+N^B0OP8&VVIYOJJ:GF@A2E()4@M2-(*T@G2]((

M:07I!.D%&009!9D$F04YK*$)IUW'*T4C?X5.I45@=+UFL_=.2%(*4@E2
MU((T@K2=(+T@@RC()
@LR'`590A*5)]II6)[N9GAAYJK/7^X__75X0`M=
M^7NA,8_+V9'3_-V.%H(4@I25(+4@C2M()T@O2#(*




MJP5I'


BCNLB=?N0R?[

@
MT2C1)-'




=XS!6
MJZ3M3])ECEUVVXO$Y\@&E/
2)1-7L%GH:A5L%\!1!5L4=2&+HB[D$)=U:39V
M;9U30)5$-2%V;!R*NI!-*ZH8BP*K7CH.#@6.H[2:I-4LK8X2+9%C7
)FZ:N5
ML.')#

EB

?I9I'25:HN3C

MXFEIVNN\!;6FFI(.:\I:Q;TNW8MHR?&57N?3
C'M;B[6R:RP=^D$-3XX%%6O
'6-9Y?M:&24
M^&'E$&9,Q'+'[!L$[M$:F6V\62G-*HEJ0F$MV\2NN?.USFK'J-'1KU$@T/!
M&G645I-#0?*SM#I*M#ADDX_+'C4=ECUM7ZT



M2K8'JLO.J`N;R2Y4T36
`K+@NSS@K*PH\4=OT57:=%R:T]N77GYKU!L\!%
MB_9CQWZ=3
@+LN*AN70(-][0
9FC5V3%8W]-*'8496#CPI
U401F3:
5@5WK








(XLA6







M=AP*MS
)\?*^)

]76Z5%EV4MT+J^^6LDY
M4!R#3'1D*S6.2;K

23K8\


2




CMT/K0C.;K0L#N23


M]AT\8]_1

MQ:\KIVNC/#CX;M06*FP2F&UPAJ%M0KK%-8K;%#8J+!)8;/C@I;8A;7E]E`
M.YA?BU&POA5&5G4?C:AT2%1*5$E42U1(U$K42=1+U$@T2C1%.$XH(R*^J@


]47EEZN4U0'O0U%1!=UK




6MJ!F
A%2JL.L

M4)#C0%;L.$HT$5)*T*PG@Q+T#=JN
\/)G9E?G!HT;U3FCKWXW(QTODV7#KG;

?

RZ/TON$P[K*XY)Y0
<9VO6/K*\YW\':<[^@9IS=YII1FLM`4I9GLIIOW..P=

X]7
+FGH.5O1^%%(5$I4251+U$C42M1)U$LT2#1*-$DT
M2W24:(E0/$U




@H=D[5%
MQ5;D6$O4$
*JXN4@6K:BM#I&[A^KMBS%3D.$HV,.U1$A-;45HS(W8401S9

MRB]W*%AW%1*5C

M1F=R/+(5Y;A$**ZR9`U/4SSS`20[U:9$#@Y%8Z;\89ZS0O\][0.G3ZP+TGEU
M41(*QUGYIAE9N34GOGV8](Z:+#CIQB%ZTRQ]
-Z2SM/6SJ'X
L57#
C1;EYN


028ZLI4)0^E6-M






JV1




IHZ%/4K:X6A
Z5<V*1E)DS[W47ZHFM%

L9VE<)JSX*5LF=\`VT]XSKO/&.[

UGE

['Q(

\9Y'#UCW\4SI<^:=?JY

MCU_??]Q?9Q^1.[P3!6\
9.8IN%0^KE?91YSZ+!5\8B0SW\F0RL?-.ON(GQ!*

$'+TI(!;\-S
P/W*2'I.9FI`*^DUFZD,JZJ9J16IH(=D
MIFZD\A%%H.5_0`&H5XF`5?L-+EY+?XOT3U/GM%JVV7)J[`G'\):9IB]#Q;B6

8YGI$E+!:):9CJ$I&RA:U)B!H+HT!1
15(JF

M$+7:!'`]!_5Z
+U%U-J58DJ+J#6EA&*F-S*&HJ9Y$BE@=*H2@O%3'BD3P?%
M3'&D,D`Q$QVIM@#LVJ12@?%K%2D@D4C4M
4K!W1JC0%ZT6T*DW!LA&M2E.P
MPX/4M!Z'71VDIBG8W$%JFH+=&]2VIAP0P4&-`)L$J&TM-FP

OU+:F



'U:.

P;#[(


M`V([J+'AQP-9KBH%E$)5\.N!S+R#+J\4OQO(*E4Y(+:#&AM^?(
(M*CQLQM$





MM5:U0#&G7$J?`Z[GH%Y/#B57%1Q2F16J@K
J

M92@5'$&9F1
-I8*3*#-SBJ%4&EQIHUXI3I!%:EH9=%#
J:
R-1P-BU:E*2
4


MK2NXSZFQX7
[

#FH9X!N^6:XJ^&XO
M8M/*K812J@H^V9N9#]K*LJZAF



U866Q8R9B9;%



P+GAM;(R4RX[:
!2&]Y7Z#I;W$R?AC@@CZ(AV
MI%:JJE[6QG$2B]B.;`
S;]_C&`(!%K.)XC_'W[EG\?PF:W3@Q@JM
IQ$

M









CS:H9G
M5^%
Q\
.$%P$FV%;D.L(AP^)7H6RC'O(T0WR9`3!7\HPFG5&O4)`EZX*@7RC

KL

M!YV4?GW4Q`&/PR=Y*;D7WA=6\3T7OD0.Z=VNW;*O4]NM6'\U6[AZ3[`.O1

P+K1VYP
X
M)MTO=/D?``#__P


Q+GAM;)29W6^C.!#`WT^Z_P'QODD@7\1JNFH^



M2WE

M]J]EE9__:Y0L[KTU8@LC\.PQ\L'`L1@(3S%P

(3TA`R(Z0D)(D+A+E$!Q+J!Q!+C
MN(X6SG'5$-MN5^:D`TA6T)<0CQ?$(0G:$A(1$A




5/I/BQ
MG
R<?:G@6$U%0R`5F-XU(1M!9JW.5A`91)<0C]CQB9V`

MU3&\6T1REW$I\A`)/VI5^U**9@-$TNR.HA!18Q;NA*KA2



4()*V=A2%B*2M





#GS[)ORL?N-G!'[ZW@.4Q=/@F<JB`Z?1(X7
&[]4G@



BYX
M;6R4G%EO&SD2Q]\7V.]@^'UDJ74WX@S2]XW%8G;W6;'E6(AM&9*2S'S[_5-D





%LH
_S49CHX%^R6R@X_E=WR

MF/@FL?EQI/*'3W


M7F/TZVR+HID;E43JS
Z/C7
RI8QDC.2
%(R4C%2
U(PTC+2


Y(P4C)2
5(S4C#
M2
M(QTC/R&`3)WYX
H;B)_`Y?G37B211I
=HRDC&2
Y(P4C)2
5(S4C#2
M(
MQTC/R&`3)S+('3LRZF$P6L+@]+B[^Y[LD343/3J%NALQ198F8HQDC.2
%(R4
MC%2
U(PTC+2


E(Q4C-2*+.C*4[=EC9;3E5M&.D9Z1@:;
M.
$6-9RU5J&)3V`WD)+


@^9GJ/!06Z8Q0H^
(V(`M!+9X46
MZ#*KV=Z

MEY$5J9OKU`JY$Z9_!XW26HD%P


MN\)F;RL)DKUH3

MLL9P8B?1L'14\;&^JIV&A!Z%:S\TB:+*/(S_C
J%#^Y@I9`2\X*CFJ.*H5
M6LEEY&2Y7HV\_FV



M1SDA.Y[*ET$EUZHXJ@F9)T3#4:O0VCQM.HYZC@8'N0$4A8

S!+CBIN6).6&@?CQ6HT69O_
MO$'1&'5J3:O0RGY:J_LT?=&3H4&#8^B&5%0)5DC?S4E953BAEFAM6I5.%#)A



M]WI=%7QC:S(BM;$9-9EF9N&1:V;B66AF;$O-S+14:69L:\W










MWJ@%I[P65
C)7*EEQ2)36A;*9GP%(3LS&6^*M(RAK5ULTU'+4*.;&3[BW#

M%


M9IB5FIGE=:69L:TU
VUI-#

SU@;-SK;N`!%ETZ5HJIUL














M`/__`@```/__`P!02P





M[J^6F\4N_/8;9ALRPU\R.UQM5MO]82KT&X9P.]46?__*[^W(#'_);'.U.FR7
MVW
%W9

A)!LL95_
M


#
M;0YT.=#GPD'AAP8!7-@

MH



8BA--D(/28'=

^?

TAOD

M[^B8![+F=+'`6K-L(P@QYYY;$80`

CT5K`BIY(@0(L


VK;^1SJKX14@/0)I]ZJV74


M)C\Z4H'TB4B=S1@BB2D]RF6$CJF0%4$J8Z*6@!K6DAE#6JGA.]9*4
^_*#/&


T4DITK)6@GB5.
9PL(8C07&Y
MH1


^VSV64:^(F@A



M&NQIU)@.;6N(K0\Y*PCHY53(D'J[&^WS_AX15J*]46:BS4$B1W12S46^AD
;N;*AN6/-

M#'27,*


M5J4603JUS$''.JK18GBU
BU;)PT.7

*


S](8U
M!(\FZ
PBA;1HD;(YXA!=IU?/&G(TBA5YV_7`AG&1LEV9Y?S(&I-K'=5S+#QG
M5S
+YU0JUP3A1QBK&%NDRM0S)M8E
R;C2?X6J46[62]E3S]CZ7=/
Y9LAQE+
MMN.

O:P1H':QVL
MP4X.-CC8J#$=MXRG
X/86#Y.D%R76*BV4&.AUD*=A7H%Z6)GM'HNMJ7
X;'0
ML`)-\VQEH=IC85:W46ZA6DBYU15I.E6;_=6K+$!Y?X5RK-O%`=!YO\I
ML$W#T+QR-APFQ38IDN0S^#[I``;7?-7F.K&





MS=#;66TS\5ML

VPP


MQ':6B#&D3CEVQVQ959':F0

MTG!F;.P?J0QG[C+A6;-&3K249URD)L^X&$K]MV%(UBPZDR]ZD9;D7`1YY7Z%

MGYI;Q_*F'4&J=2(F&3&I:AA2-8B&HI=J0EH)X@K]R2-QTPC$W$\N/.TB.&




VN=AE!KDB-
RE)\=.)</9[DRK4B4G6
\Y#
FV(4PT




M5*Q(C89-S&E[^;C1
Y/^2GH!WY$57O?+J&9B`4\](





M4!T

MJ+%0:Z'.0KV%3A8:+#0J2

G'63Y^DE'4N`.U%BH
<VWB_S&;WBK2(JF.O,-]R2@I<KX8A$1"4(G0C^QQ5)<4V$U/D`Q/TB(W
MV6[#D!38S:C<Z&]PHK!??/!BR9'`3)Y9B%&H9D+*)[T:`=:0FH)TC5WA@.
MUG!4AKJ^@8XZG0%7(ICZ1BA+CNQHI)#2HY%WO_K).?6:!B2\8B_1;F!.^I4


G:K(MA$.

5


M[E7LHN';SYV?DF$JQ#;_K


&PVWB$0
)AVT6E4!GG91;XHZDG(\RIM?#
M^:._%:N=61#/:K0BWN;




!2;AARTH^(L8?L6]H

26YE871H\_/)]A%GP+T\6AHYB
MRGSK
PP;Q=0!K`Q=8%E




EY1ZC7%Q/9!-Y!4GM2AI(PE
=]G=:
M2






DN&@*9?
DN'@3
?!&%UPB682K
I$2L2S?6%23A^E%;
M-MS:BKAYDA:2SI7TD(0+2*VW$R3ATE$K*5'JTBTU[C%&:WOUJ2&I70GN+$:I
M/1M<78S6]B2XKACU\23XJ@VJ[P9O5QCA1R?[\]FP&H-GAC/$3()[N%&=+PQ

M9Q&LI$0




1X?*D9-

$KM22HDO


4]2
M8O+U
J
'Z3^_
MWMU\NL,'CQ;AQ9S/CX\O_#_A!WX^/OT^G;M^^'\!````__\#`%!+`P04``8`
M````$`,8K+V<`(``#(@``&0```'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='

RYX


MBJ1$LCCI=#^TXU
7L@Z+Q1+EN]^_GT^S;_6M:]K+_=Q9K.:S^G)LGYK+R_W\



M:)^?FV




M3FP%'MOV*U



MX

M+

8'4
M!#(3R$V@



\V)A@\

Q$*



01;S=R$`MDVK*)0:K5#[T2KCB#\=:3E'U@H+Q*HD


73B[GW)@WII]+\Z-RQ-LZR^5@_:V2(




M?G2^6*]IXTOTHI?'-+R@T-*,L0.@1()J6QP+2763&@I4X@+7QB6%+#2C/4

IN83R/



M^RV2E#'`U:_J$T*:M95))#PDH7E120L')%):C0F+5-@G83WH:]8L2#KC
H

A$/T)BU



M\9





M_
![_WLRO[D5V]O_(/


M_/+X\/^#TL2:&HQ

LF



MWRY
4RE

MK$3#-';&;!J#+`9Y#(H8E#&H8E#'H(E!&X
N!GT

M/7(T(WQ0YOP6_$S^B9^XOFE`!?0:10LT9`D:0RR&.0Q*&)0QJ*01V#)@9M
M#+H8]#%8QV`3@_
87
3@
@97
;CV0!`L-
)^L*1.&?QQ'PV(5Z?.PB`L!YWY



<%*U,(R
M.XEZ_%343GQKTTE4,;-1;;:=VD_BD4-N%4[GX_L&-/L-%V.:H/ITX.HZ:C8



ARRU#URQ/+43-



MS%P]CX_]FN'1V$(01C!C59I
HP*]


*.'*N%G;J\




ES*%Y0HK



2D85H]JBW?EJ.&'+J&/4
UHSV@0H#
8K:P;X



M(VAK*XRVF7-[54_&)%

MWQIXFM%EW*$-*.C0!N1U5:E-N'!U



@OMU8_



D8YHX)1R:AB5#-J&+6
.D9]@$('
MJM-U?!R$OM5LN;*-BKK_:L93=T$+=![C:LQT&@WC5J/:Z79$.SVBWT$]#2G7

`'U=Y01@I^DZ.


M&H6U'MN1N\Y3$W-]R



M`_;:(F_QJ[$(S8J4YI83=IRP#Q*&CC)S



MA$NT.*:F'V

O



MME!8.3*7MAJ9RTNML&9D+CKMR%S:3F']R+9I0V]&LRCR9O3#P'R82OG3^\4B
M6L996B7T!5(J5HQ21AFCG%'!J&14
:H9-8Q:1AVCGM&:T8;1.:

KAA=
M!RB
JYG+:
W2


:D8-HY91
MQZAGM&:T873.Z(+1):







M/%O]

?XUH

_*:+B<.BUQ4<8H9U0P*AE5C&I&#:-6D)O!=(+%XJ6GGNG
M)2^T9K1A=,[H@M$EHRM&UP$*@_V;:R(X\(R;9'Y:
VKZ_&:B*3$EU)V98%B



M?6R0E$=5PG8_JA[5_!6%6?Q52#.JH;J
]6TZB=9N6U&+NN!(K1.UA5][R0W]

HM:EHM1;:=#+E]1BSKSJU$M?&BT

M:\#K3!:*+UJM`R/!K\#O:1\_D%YK-_)

MP_87A*B

VK-9E&SV8FM




M^TIND5FH&ZLB=?6%U9(3#X[B$4_XZ4HIZJX
5N]Z3BT)






M#\5
DRSQG*7ZG!4D*U6WCXQ#2'G#?U\8II#EJ[3W)5@BX^
4TCIT%OGI@&


P@C]-@O`]?:Q(



M@D4
UQ-@G4+E$1-@J4*E$1-@A4GQ%238)$),=4D6%=3#4)EI)0LS0)5H\0

MF@2;Z1*S8SC@XUTB=D*QA+LITO,AC68`]=8K:%L02[YQ*S.8PE2PPES.8&
M38)2I:;!+L5DI4JP



BAUVIB(\FP2Y36-
D[7R2F*\2

RG;6P-WQ$FY@
WEN!SPL1\TL82?#68F`_;6(*/


MF*


MT^`


M-




F7`+!$EQ[
M@KQI$MQ@@OAH$EPS`E]K$MP8`H]J$EPDEIBKK#@'&TC

M*^^#%1E5DB*-N9R

/-`END8
/-`GNDH
/
M-`ENBDO
Q63\'-ST&N:#QI(S&6!G`;W.2;FRD6X!I'Y$3X#9'Y$3X`)'

.(%&

M
!KO

MV[[WQ^/+R^

M?P4```#__P


X+GAM;)2=6Y
;1Y*EW]=L_P.-[U


]./1V1X9`+XX;__




MB6?JU;,DW*YD))_R%'/)M]U&LYE-;'\F)YNUZL'Q-N(062_J









M1R(OB;PB\IK(&R)OB;RSQ.F#FY#51V:TA#'[X:YAA`F#XCX;K2!]-5HM@M&F
M&M6A0Z0CLB/2$QF(C$0F(GLB


*V-#AQ+T)!V`;1RUTMPL$W

$F*%T:Q6JU!&@UCI

M3*QV8G5742](8PV[/7F\S*QIF+5NKBTI&Y=7%YJ8VTF)W2_RA44+PA%*M2
M031BMO+W1RHH'ZM4$$79291'2B9'P;FH\JM%'

2RZ:P'OZ


ML3*--U5V2IL?




#HR.#OE$I16Z2=2CXS_9A_MU

Z
#HZY!.8UNR4P*=U
FDK.2:S



)F


N$/
MC(X%-1;+RP?ZJQ


U]\]&QFL;)#FP;:04_I
MM
43;F='=WINDL%*K5W!N3OW5NN\?YD^N-S5\'9BJ(U;98F:+N!.E5[0HR

M-L6JU

[700WD;([N;'QQAB:SYKPVDQ+D?IF1*\Z





MHX[1
MCE'/:&`T
IH8[1G-C`Z



MPX;1EE'':




I!]?:[

MY@8[--C1
Y_@U#))I2+!=?K(K92K5$%V^K@.VSZ;JY85;:MLJUE^OR3N+W7E

IAS]%F8W8FVL&82;2CB^9U

5=J
MRT[

M.S38T;GZC-G.T58V=XA7!?F7K&[#MM&FF)GD;!EUC':


Z2%'


8H6'2ML4
ZGP
MQ6(1GXELC8GDN2O
Y53.(8^51J2^$6G@2*
Q.U-LDS&3\]ISM-F8G8EV
&82

1D83HSVC



/=&KI%?R8L8QB



MON$ZL.O8
)L:;



SD0[&#.)=G31O`P/M'0K
M;ND*\H4K9K9PF77%UV69S?IZ5`TWL.O8
)L:;

MQPQU;:I4L57\K

]'@\!Q@SB39PM-&8G8DV&3.)

W)WM\+L$FS;8%UA+O%R!)U#


MNXX-LZG!]NPZ-\P.#79TKCZ3J3


M(TW5K#P_O;V+MZ0]!Y^KU]G@AVI6$D:QCRZV5]GVD9BP'ATOTMS5L7&?/IN6




]DJ2&^B&[%2M&74
M
=HQZAD-C$9&$Z
]HYG1P2&7K?02%&?K:6]PGGQ]UUC08V]P5C

M[F/
W9=6Z8


M




^;*AFJ+-J1H\`MM4L


M_[QEU#':

M


JN:


M

CE#E^.Y7+WV1\LO=WL8+P
MZ$Q2LRDH;=&8G(;W/+9J)8X=HQVCGM'`:&0T,=HSFAD=&!T=\CE-G5C'O$U






M#)![


3
5M;PEU!;GT
MDE7/C@
[CFPU



3SS\I0:@

[CFPU
M
=JSX\Q6!T9'Y^@S]4#O=


M05U!+KODV+/CP(XC6TV


M5.I%&JO3N]RCV-5I07X?ZB[VH

]HQF1@=&1X=\
M[A[HBNZX*Q(4AG=\!EC
9'CS6VQJ()79%602OE.K



234^H:$IHZG
M
4LL+G


N%WUQ$_:HH!W%AG9/B0TY76R\HAKF#8AK



DER&2ZV#(8V@
*8_A%;T%

M
WOGW#WM[;S%96[0_`Q?V/OYXGO$E]K(76+Y&9GY%=ADBO'`:=57VH2Q\Y
M1\K53@Z#G#-$TADBZPR1=H;(.T




MD\2026+()#&4KF4A;:D_HSGCS&^A7^:&SL\3F=GW\1;%[I$7\HR9I`[IS.'@
M*@SI)(9T$D
ZB2&=Q)!.8D@G

K/OX.'G'DX:FEEC*\SN@@@SG3`R
M3;Y(:V;&%YG
S/@BDV2'M!%#VL@7:2
[Y


)

3#AD-K/SVVY(

M:2.&M%D6TI8:B6;:2H?A:JNP

5J(4

9!M9


I\ZB6;F
M2XOA
E^8']49FA&


*H]NSRQR
MZ^'5RLSON!=#O*XFUX#T9T/#D/[



M19:+O:[`
2
_Y5!(O#L4-2)0@6)#A:?$AC`N=KJ
\*`-.E%TZ%3=-)?4BD`Z



MD]$+S2LC?PJ%N0NU+
1.ZP83^W2A^





A<%D;P)N
M2FI

M_?9&G=OX&W$6U0[G4^W65[HJ.NFXM78ZX1EG@3MK:2/J`N04L;=VXCRTX&BA


MOYY=

MON_S.CZ&1[%D$Y
TU(JX^=



MZL^;U^&#;YLK/I[;8'X90`Y$XQ(AI`X0WQ5B!A8C:$J@RA*GE#53:$D`PA
M)'E#2#:$:@RA6H'FPB$16V)$



2NW&#7\;)0+MG$)`W5(F[^-$)X%)#8

?-DU:HHADB@?D$L2J9`?`#$C'.Q
MU4YD2@6J(FV!U%(9;JC@H0J.Z06Z!:0EN&$%*@ND.Z`LW)0SNQU)@02JZ
M0QKG'K1)6Q_GM*']C;)7HD]M
05DEI;LINA#OPBUJIE(`+&(02MB&-[$H!0Q

MCHG4YOS1%4W]@?LZ+=TOA.G:!5JDP-!
&;0@!BV(00MBT((8M`&+8A!V+0
M@ABT(`8MB$$+8M&+0@!BTLUJD'80_,[6E7WZ*V^CW-S6V+H5NR5N@SH'
M\M:ML9-)$**5`\-9(%13:.&7AU*JITX0TJ&T%*AC1@6)]!7[20B!&8(A17:
MB&$9`]753B)=H;07:&)R%NWQDXBHAC4&3!40]H`

M



M*$8
BM$A

YI

MX=$/I


MYNS
W


&K)%SG/+%]OR'GJXYLYEST`F_/
TJ]*FDDG2(Q;9S8KGWV@
MWRB#)M5`1B











MF]2
-^LF=^E^LLW



^T`4J9X5+.
MN*)LIG9CD(Y/



MG(\#79X2!U(5


MKMLKOHV_/G._*%9H1\S@S)Z&;1MV78.A&

M26)0DAB4MPHF38/S!A5!?.N`J9Q*V&822%A-O.;PLO0&$/5:B9C%JH2@ZK$
MHHQJ$H
JA*#JL2@*C&H2@RJ$H.JQ*`J



QZ$@
.A*#CL2@(S'H2`PZ6A9T3+TY



MNZB

ER9VDS#CNQ=F?&=AYIP/


M



MV0SIT)7`RGS)ZFE3'JI6
ZDLJ%J.@`(SBXA0E!`ZFR%I:K:*;XY`^VHF1X#V






OZ!KW2UE=3K[(GIHOZ^\5M9FYX



8B7F3EG

M3E:6N]*$ONNW?@E]Z9?0.Q:^7GO8E+3H^JU?TB*PX3EIX5AX?A*;QJ[0.B)'
M')L


Q.\
&VY:@NL#3!][?+(T!/NU#C@MUX/.D

M5V]/_CQ4IKV#4L_T0Z0:U$SA`SQQA-&A@0V2-#`AO'IZ1#P4@'Q\C/-@;I

0$-C7$[A(`Z=OEV

M45

`Q

M^LV(!S^PR5

1@L&

M&!$H&!'HV)B1Y;DJ@M+5VH0D*`4C*`4C*`4C*#.V!


&
'*G/J;
M:8(R5%H[HE)!PC)&B




W/UT-Y^!
M+0]XP'QT.XH)F`^


6ZTM


M#%Z]G^F

O@SEYP;%@0UWH-BQ*8E(WH)!JF.9U.@O)6_!H#&P,2XT.C:-W$%@SC'
M)'&VF9+$Q2XK):]C2_*6YWCV-ZX'E]-E=WVI!FM#5VLQAM[`AIO0ZQAN7N@.


I
MB8_K]S!AO*NU[F`\NLM5[/+TW

GJ;

OGCHUZX4O#




.YJRR18[K(3A*[6




KHM65VLC$*H8X0?3

MY!U7E-!+TZ%@1




-UCUA8-2/+3

Z4\


GP4&;[&+'*D`;XY-%\XW



8&-Q9.X!38\9
8$
M-A9*@N385*`3,=R(*+M*Y@/;`Q+C


!O8\!!F'8NDN.='?F4R=(W6
M$SP[EGF.WL

')
QL#V:
MC(%OWG(
'


M+T.MQ1AZH^EP$WH=P\VI'EF/LV&\J[7N8-RQS'@


N



M

4[U^%(X?.QJ3/:AMDZ33Y-:
M

UJS0<ZMA9'_+N\6`;
M)!ECWSGE&#NVK&/U#N#6Z5:4#^O+/;&WMW$#S$.;P+!-2Q%-#2'0'M:HT
M`NH8G#2
615#S(M6N3]']+I::TKT`J
J'.M=?8XGU)+!902BY[U-2P/1BQ'.

MXX&-0P(FAV/3N'!9
+B
MMN2NA!G6RM)G.^Y



MN((3G((1'





W0X\
#'FR72=4FNP


*FE_M;



'5J-&VG_^6+W`0%-=(M6/K_*+E
M1ELB&/.^X?UQYW$+%2&Z80LL(NF$T17]-Y#=EZ^XF0NHK;OD34ML4RHKY?

]TD;-JXJ1




%PSBP;O!8/V@OTBL%\%]IO`?A?8'P+[GK$E
MVK8AGJ;2N,K[3CE?$QSC29P6&^)5,9
P8A7P8A7P8A7P8C7CWVV[9NLO_Z
M4N#[P.Q78.-2@E\%PZ^X5?!\*M@^%4P_)JQQ2_;6Q6_?NR]:?NC;\RRCX'9
MKP?[_.

ME%[K:N'4:N!_B%

M$=@]K#U!:=.@(CK?$Y0VO3

:HD8D
MT8DT8DT8DT8DT8DT8DT8DT8DT8DT8DT8DT8DT8DT8DT8D
MT8DT8D9VR)I)7[4R1'!'T?P.HV3\;E6LMD=+6TTSR)HJ:KM3E+5`M&5`M&
M5`M&5`M&5`M&5`M&5`M&5`M&5`M&5`M&5`M&5`M&5`M&5`M&5`M&5`M&5&=L

5?33K-BQ*OH$:^$:^$:^$:^$:^$:^






M_@X



M(LF?;Y;RI'4LYXYC4YY`4L$@R;%



*]D
R6;?'1O)4FJL6]?HR;(H




+FCC)A]LBO)&P3++5U



(J
M&$5A+`*0E@%(2R!2SI9T7B)L/40@-
'OQ8E_-Q'%4U[MM
ME\BZG+6NQI45#BL(B0WLCU














DWW9EY=.:








9$)ZJ!)0\#&_WA


M_'







PF1779L9F#.60%PZ7`
!I:\=Q'L6X
M%&W5Q+.B0=GOQ42VW['E8G.W3`2BZ'JX-)8N7CZ:YPNQ[&J-?+QT[.K%QM66






MY@.'[68?%Y(88E8[K:]R@Z2NUH:`)
=V/_;XQV'[(O$@KE]!-WPYL@ILJ9?*
M-P*\3R8N5[GAY
KC\Z36K'_IV+CZOC;

M+9;G7@[QG=Z4
H'EHBC`J?[!UZAKYG6K8?-4:-B\;E4
Q\[71-SY'5
!QT9(
_UXO5;);#EF/W5O.08UH<BQ60
AHH'3(R8#3





M63`B63`B63`B63`B63`B63`B63`B63`B.6-+)*W6G(Y%F8O0EEJQ@7NX68Y
M568RNAJ+7%MG&'!&'!.&
+69953B9=;5VBJ_`YI712TLJS
FV@F%;P;!M
MQA;;K.*[9%M9UKQ$S+8%EAYTJS]A.\0757=F3R\TCKOEJ!@?HC_TFK


^NFP=??7O[0=
M7ME[8Y_W
6V;L

&QP3-I@UW5I
M@U_P

MU\

ZY$4&ZO0FB)$)/T*.&%$LF!$LF!$LF!$LF!$LF!$LF!$LF!$LF!$LF!$

MTL:J8H30NYOT.&,+6;9-7XRZ_K2YD5!7MH&WL-TJM@V%8P;)NQQ3:[YE^R

M!)8V5H%=VU@-M;:*0[I7+30%6\RU@F$R=^2I5Q*97










+G=?Z6?BTDO$?XM-KS


MHI

)7OEVH:NK#^9LH\F^\X?
MT0X#'\Q.44@7X;

M_\9\4#+

9[E&3=ZI.S.9*H=
MW3'%[19O;8?

M='L53[9#AB)+AFN6UE.&:Y;64\1#S#6LK

.-DMNCU#!D&

H2R7I`RW
M#^:[JD-P^V#^*1E#'6P\)6.\@_F@9)AAM924/?'J`
:[T7F-;'O?0/4/\RVO

O#


LRW]9/W\]1V]&EKI)1A


M=@]FB]KS/YD
6Y3

MH+W83_!I




8-W5
M
FQA#ZMEN
V:K&68SYI\3G;/&J+/J^Q5XQ^VEV97_^S]XA^V=V=7F;U:_
/V

OQ9BJ=GM^V&
)V7V'3'6`BF#2EL+I`PJ;2V0
M

\4[;89Y7A4]^OX1:6
*8,NJS$EGW!F=:2409?5D5(&9U8K2AFN6:TH9;AV,!]438N)MDY(
M'[!SQYHE99AO:XB48;ZM(5*&#SO6+G#-5M?I(S[B;9.R/LKR&R=D#?)GDSV

G]%K`^?S[7I_/\[@$O/`3@IJ?

MB^6UE&&BY;648:+EM91]--DG+?ML
OZHG/]BLJ]:AML'\UVUPPQ;0R0OV&)K
MB)1AHJTA4H:)MH9(&7;N/O!'Q0'S=^:#DA$'RVO_U=R2\W!MN2MEF&_UIY1A


M3
8?)?ML

/TKVS63\43*&LNN8?(B`H4[6I[K^T=W)^E2R
3<8?)2-T-M]Y[4!=



ME$&771^D#


ME`RZ;HTS)7LT/OFC^'PRV;.6O9B

MF&_[=^D?/M@>7


E`RW

]NG

NBR_:WD$\YL
M?RMET&7[6RF#
]O?2AETV?Y6RN#



V2
LRW-4O*
M\


MJQ7O-'M


M\4?Y_JO)^*-DOYF
/TKVN\GXHV1_F(P_2H;;['VU#-_9^VH9\XB]KY9!%WM?
M+8



MQOB9M1A]9G;$Z#BS
T9_FO48_6DV8G2JV16CK\U*C+EDML3XPIBM

MS\RV&)/-;(\Q!\VH2XY_;^U:C3)SC%.CKW

M76)*[S2F=
3X4&O?%6.@S&:

M.E7[A3*)47*C3.XKNC%?

M]K
V'#%V-CMC]*=9C]&I9B-&7YM=


8'-MACSVFR/
;G-:-\#\TSS
M'LA[3=


M


M0Z!&L[





KLX&<JE
9*H4^JUHORW(JE*1JK(A
MNTI#FLJ!GH=Z2J%]A1MSX*L*A6I*ANRJS2DJ1S(J=(34J:182,!92HSX60J
M2X+Z_F3G%%O]E0.I*L



9`ALJ%


M

BI4JAUT5HOR*I2D:JR(;M*

%=[?2MWLR2LO;J4&)@?2508R;PBSZL8;'EE=;M2-
M
WP57O9)7]OO0GCU)NTQV9!-94=VE88TE0

M7L[]\FJ7MUS1H_;DH=QSAJ)]S8O@Z!U]ODBJ65YQJ)_#^9N6QBO@Z!U[FGH@
M784TJJ2
L0@!

B@!B8DBV/DK&[DO$LZ42F-)'*
J0DIY!A3$S+A
:8F
MI=)NB+Y'#*4)&1*E)DHY(A.PD248D0LJ2I(2(6%)$DF)$))(F(NM!P2P


B:$HA(.8D(@*GU@0A@J

)KL0UA+

M/_[YUX^?'J^/7S[]\J^OK_[Q^//S#Z_?_($'-J^^_/+I\^__\_STZP^O[UZ_





;T]+)543/)E36S&
WHNN6)*'&O
MU#\J_=L.)@T6W@GTQ]U@T/]P]0/K_=[HC+A.$FN
K89:\\IL04%)045!34%#

MBQ04E!14%-04-!1
*)A2
*-@3L&@B4%*PK6%&P$`TT%C
;Z*SKYK02WW80

M&)DP

M2



MZP_C1HRU4K_GG%PP4C)2:3+P$[QFI`E)U!7L`&%7[`14..Z`)FF*4?$]&'1)



0^TPP=M6J%40M0:5'8.UTP

M6MN_#LVGB5\B;8)3V8+A0LH&-_%JKKV6-=\8U

M*U.C-
S.5


M*HYJCAJ.)AQ-.9IQ-.=HP=&2HQ5':XXV$8K]HY*GP#_.#SJI@K/MV(T2C:+I




6YY[K3:?[28D
MI5UX!6MYR=&*6UY;-/1GM$W

MX.:@-%H!JCBJN:W&H


MM7.V
2B:


6O

OMU-JRJW
.)K[@BK`





I*


O-QV8LJM
MS#B:^X+:

C-[=T



MH\*BS


??#;KB9))K1$YH0Q(6QA@/NG
9]/HK#*75

5Y4T8FT%2V13H\XXV8RP5I&!0;
22W






[]^1K1G1623VSED0/?2OY;?;)VA(L1HQ8

M-48KS/0G`ILZYA.6F6&!N;E3[)_@2T=\^96W-S:H##[CU\@GYQ+X+G7RQ(
M:13'?'8O8@H&_2L


*@?7DVR1+RT6B:VDG2FLF*_`FN#@D7?


%@Y%CC0
M


8'.!+02V%-A*


$[7?\Q-JH


2I&RY2LBX!*D5




M+FFY!!?FF&^2!$]_

T+48*G
M'_I5`;//=!J28+''_I)





M\Q#?=*-^28*/M]%/25)!HCYK%AH`B?JZF4M&USE^_X+S
4*.E(%4_;R1^!@I



`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`KPS61&!``







K1'PZ


M

M'M*D@$F!-@6Z%.@#(#('VR((&

MQ_V7ZC2D5EY6ECLV@I5-T(@C4
0%J!=`+I0R0R`LE2&($:03;\?GJ%SKI!
.LTAQ&HW*?^!H)&0FU#&W&%=%)J(^@R`CD+
4(B\9&


MY]


/IVLHJVH=AAS)6[K5!N


M
PI?.V)^BD[!^AB+;;)-@K=IU)UZ!R^XRAQ4A/MWE3BY)J:5-[1D)%02U0
M
#H)]1$4VV'[!



@S4:]M[%%)PT-

@P%-K@A`5QZ(@K@'J-+5MG5=X\I_N-ES!ZVP`7T539_`



MY^DLI2=(



M\?1ZZ5K*TL50:!5Q#5`LUF;I9&F'5KDD'N[/)4%L55+9:Z(G5OD
$D]O$ZV?
M?HR5R[_1M`2%5H50+#;.OR)6
@]C$T:Q2H]H1(^M6OO'3O'T-N4H5E$FPE3C
MJ0



MUFKE^VFY'-EV
S8D
W'




_-



):!L%=\7FB=-

M($

+I/RRD&8/

O*1^YK&7RU+

R

:M`UTT\)5EQOHIE$,*#8-:M+@`W23&@4^0\B
M*6BUMK5*:4!I5(H!Q78V4EI5%IAG:/6$=PI(TR@&8VP+H$@KRJT]_TE*#8H]

MI2J6D#;TB$*W):1I%#QR@#2-TBW*K7UW([7&&RGL.8U2+6$IGBC*
54QAV[:


MAKL
H&YM$H+2CV.H.4A@L:\(%&J198UWC'+L?4H-@W^9**PG00*.T
MH-B7^'(,;A]``XU2Y8@;B_)





M_51-TQG=FTII
:93*3TH]F
U*:TJMOB

K
M-+2J2^H-HJCYJD&CJQ(









4_?GOX?C31GNY_)=S3W<L?/[[_X_[P]!TA/CT\/IS^
M




U(DMCF
MEA-2$%(24A%2$](0TA+2$=(3

R5!EKHB68Z^XV47SM-JQ3*R&
MH=9!?JQH


M5*Y9UUO;0Q8
E0Q5#-4
-0RU#'4

;
PU92I



M[PQ-I[Q0_)Z##Y[70E''P#.L!S4#E^IAGID']6`@/TL-YC*R6#-6:LS3I1)H







+6-



MWZR'[!UER0PE:B%L1RQA
M8#
T_%J:

M9VFO%+6W!!=[L-AB44=+FUS#JE&K):]JWDQJL[KRJFR&H+[%\D33KEW2%!9S
MV]ZEP?4PB1_93O7Z\%K#&8Y]L:S+MN9S%WC=Y@GN]@

M*??OPW=



[?Q%$CUKWLRD




M*F;5##7LV#*K8ZAGQX%98\`*5

IF37$13[L(1

^.`[/&@!6J$JUZ




M[Z!KUHW:QT17=GU[$2UE2\-PE5#]4NC:.




M

&Y
+8@H5,E/UMZ6%0EL`49G:JJ8,L(BZH0MF!T2%7_Q1:,*GJQMBL2!5O1E;
M,2DJE-CX8!B-9






ZF2B.CDLZDD5






O0?*6VDZ.)2GB%;E(:
MXRM
-B5^CHY06J54Z.PDO$6')N$#!J\)O[1IC
\5?[_[NA_O7KX^/!_/'O=?

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

M.A-J?MK_
;O\\*7?LXZKC$NMX+2_`MO_.OK]M^36Z!*




MO]B5JJ

^;G*T[#U:7D$.2#73JBBX63&_KI@K

MC2N%U6

19

'27ZX*S!X1F#5WR-@?+'=1

/2^B]&0CCH9.93%ZR1-@'B=W`=#DR:N
MAR9-'/
'Z;8XYO

8NX@U3CNXS$IS$1T1G8UKIHMY+I=D+J^

M_1W4`P^IA3B0-
Q[+Z1A'@EI32?1AA\_\M!1CV/H.A3'T'4H/MS0ML4QM&W3


M``#__P

M86EN+GAM;#R.00H,1`$[X)_'-W9_6PB194/`%^H0'4T@F2R9(/I[X\5+

M@HNLNH'%0&AM/2&*#Y2=#&4E[LVCU.Q:Q_I$62NY10)1RPD/XSAA[@*PVJMJ
MX#R!BOT#J/1+M!K_(_8+``#__P









WS8%``#^$P``











M4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`)T+%/.L!0``+14``!D`````````````````5U8`














M+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#2-G#)4`0``&@.```9````````````````

O




BYX;6Q0

&PO<W1Y;&5S+GAM;%!+`0(M
M`!0`!@`(````(03VHFLLYP``(?J`@`4`````````````````-+G``!X;]S



35P`P``




M````$`.3/9#
&UL4$L!
M`BT`%``&``@````A`
[_3&F[`P``'PL``!D`````````````````M*T!`'AL






M`!@`````````````````M


M`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!'ER*GB0D``-PM```9`````````````````*/%`0!X


P``#X,`!D`````


I


M```9`````````````````








M+@

MTEZ7
P




M='



M



M%``&``@````A`$JZXP9C!0``7!0``!D`````````````````H:T#`'AL+W=O





M970T-YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`PI$F[N\$```=$@``&0``````````


[9KA%U#@``K%(``!D`

M+0`4``8`````$`ZE=VJ)







``#5BP``&0``````````````

M+W-H965T
S





5```0````````````


%````
`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified















        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


United States Pension Plans of US Entity
 Defined Benefit [Member]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


United States Pension Plans of US Entity
 Defined Benefit [Member] | Level 1 [Member]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


United States Pension Plans of US Entity
 Defined Benefit [Member] | Level 2 [Member]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


United States Pension Plans of US Entity
 Defined Benefit [Member] | Level 3 [Member]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


United States Pension Plans of US Entity
 Defined Benefit [Member] | Cash And Cash Equivalents [Member]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


United States Pension Plans of US Entity
 Defined Benefit [Member] | Cash And Cash Equivalents [Member] | Level 1 [Member]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


United States Pension Plans of US Entity
 Defined Benefit [Member] | U.S. Equity Securities [Member]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


United States Pension Plans of US Entity
 Defined Benefit [Member] | U.S. Equity Securities [Member] | Level 1 [Member]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


United States Pension Plans of US Entity
 Defined Benefit [Member] | U.S. Equity Securities [Member] | Level 2 [Member]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


United States Pension Plans of US Entity
 Defined Benefit [Member] | International Equity Securities [Member]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


United States Pension Plans of US Entity
 Defined Benefit [Member] | International Equity Securities [Member] | Level 1 [Member]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


United States Pension Plans of US Entity
 Defined Benefit [Member] | U.S./Government/Corporate Bonds [Member]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


United States Pension Plans of US Entity
 Defined Benefit [Member] | U.S./Government/Corporate Bonds [Member] | Level 1 [Member]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


United States Pension Plans of US Entity
 Defined Benefit [Member] | High Yield Bonds [Member]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


United States Pension Plans of US Entity
 Defined Benefit [Member] | High Yield Bonds [Member] | Level 2 [Member]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


United States Pension Plans of US Entity
 Defined Benefit [Member] | International/Government/Corporate Bonds [Member]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


United States Pension Plans of US Entity
 Defined Benefit [Member] | International/Government/Corporate Bonds [Member] | Level 1 [Member]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


United States Pension Plans of US Entity
 Defined Benefit [Member] | Insurance Contracts [Member]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


United States Pension Plans of US Entity
 Defined Benefit [Member] | Insurance Contracts [Member] | Level 2 [Member]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


United States Pension Plans of US Entity
 Defined Benefit [Member] | Hedge Fund Of Funds [Member]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


United States Pension Plans of US Entity
 Defined Benefit [Member] | Hedge Fund Of Funds [Member] | Level 3 [Member]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


United States Pension Plans of US Entity
 Defined Benefit [Member] | Private Equity Funds [Member]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


United States Pension Plans of US Entity
 Defined Benefit [Member] | Private Equity Funds [Member] | Level 3 [Member]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              
              


              
              


              
              


              
              


              
              


              




              
              


              









        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
 those non-benefit obligations may be considered as reductions of plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      


















        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 142
300
000
        
        
        


        
26
900
000
        
        
        


        
48
500
000
        
        
        


        
66
900
000
        
        
        


        
5
900
000
        
        
        


        
17
500
000
        
        
        


        
600
000
        
        
        


        
1
300
000
000
        
        
        


        
55
700
000
58
000
000
46
700
000
33
200
000


        
700
000
100
000
1
200
000
        


        
500
000
1
300
000
1
400
000
        


        
5
000
000
5
200
000
        
        


        
45
600
000
        
        
        


Significant Change in Unrecognized Tax Benefits is Reasonably Possible
 Amount of Unrecorded Benefit
2
100
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
3
400
000
        
        
        


        
        

  2020
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
600
000
        
        
        


        
        

  2021
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 13
500
000
        
        
        


        
        

  2022
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      






















        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
1
722.2
1
798.5
1
695.3
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Tangible Assets
 Total
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 accounting
 and other costs incurred to consummate the business acquisition.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer
 liabilities incurred by the acquirer
 and equity interest issued by the acquirer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill
 acquired at the acquisition date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


Current
 Federal
        
        
        


Current
 State
        
        
        


Current
 International
        
        
        


Current Income Taxes
 Total
        
        
        


Deferred
 Federal
        
        
        


Deferred
 State
        
        
        


Deferred
 International
        
        
        


Deferred Income Taxes
 Total
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      


 2014

          











        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Common Stock
 Capital Shares Reserved for Future Issuance
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 1
173.6
$ 1
042.8
$ 1
033.4
        
$ 1
170.1
$ 1
016.4
$ 1
002.6
        
$ 4
243.2
$ 4
123.4
$ 4
014.2


        
2
655.7
        
        
        
2
708.5
        
        
        
2
655.7
2
708.5
2
566.1


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
2
357.5
2
357.0
2
351.5


        
1
284.0
        
        
        
1
275.7
        
        
        
1
284.0
1
275.7
1
291.5


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 long-term customer relationships of a financial institution
 mortgage and other servicing rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        

      


















        
        
        
        
        


        
        
$ 4
300
000
        
        


        
        
80
100
000
        
77
500
000


Fair Value
 Concentration of Risk
 Accounts Receivable
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
262
700
000
        
204
900
000


        
        
        
        
        


Derivative
 Notional Amount
        
127
100
000
        
        


Derivative
 Term of Contract
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Derivative
 Notional Amount
        
        
100
000
000
        


        
        
        
        
        


Basis spread on variable interest rate derivative contracts
 percentage below LIBOR
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
100
000
000
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
(9
000
000)


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
250
000
000


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Derivative
 Notional Amount
        
        
        
175
000
000


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
$ 200
000
000
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or for which it has the option
 to buy or sell with respect to the contract being described.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 fair value hedges
 and hedges of net investments in foreign operations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whether from an individual counterparty or groups of counterparties.
              
 -Subparagraph a
 b
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before taxes
 to the extent that the cash flow hedge is determined to be effective.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Stock-Based Compensation (Summary Of Stock Option Activity) (Details) (Stock Options [Member]
 USD $)
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      















          

        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding [Roll Forward]
        
        
        


Outstanding at Beginning of year
 Shares
        
        
        


Granted
 Shares
        
        
        


Exercised
 Shares
        
        
        


Forfeited
 Shares
        
        
        


Outstanding at End of year
 Shares
        
        
        


Exercisable at end of year
 Number of Shares
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price [Roll Forward]
        
        
        


Outstanding at beginning of year
 Weighted-average exercise price (usd per share)
        
        
        


Granted
 Weighted-average exercise price (usd per share)
        
        
        


Exercised
 Weighted-average exercise price (usd per share)
        
        
        


Forfeited
 Weighted-average exercise price (usd per share)
        
        
        


Outstanding at end of year
 Weighted-average exercise price (usd per share)
        
        
        


Exercisable at end of year
 Weighted-average exercise price (usd per share)
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan or that expired.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including both vested and non-vested options.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


Minimum percentage of votes a holder must control out of the votes entitled to be cast by all holders of shares of Common Stock to trigger the automatic conversion
 on a share-for-share basis
 of all shares of Common Stock Non-Voting into shares of Common Stock
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 on a share-for-share basis
 of all shares of Common Stock Non-Voting into shares of Common Stock
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


State income taxes
 net of federal benefits
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Other
 net
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of federal tax expense (benefit).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 domestic tax contingency
 foreign tax contingency
 state and local tax contingency
 and other contingencies.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      














Industrial [Member] | PepsiCo
 Inc. [Member]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Consumer [Member] | Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. [Member]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      






Share-based Compensation
 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range [Line Items]
        


Options outstanding
 Shares
        


Options outstanding
 Weighted-average remaining life (yrs)
        


Options outstanding
 Weighted-average exercise price (usd per share)
        


Options exercisable
 Shares
        


Options exercisable
 Weighted-average remaining life (yrs)
        


Options exercisable
 Weighted-average exercise price (usd per share)
        


        
        


Share-based Compensation
 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range [Line Items]
        


Range of exercise price
 lower limit
        


Range of exercise price
 upper limit
        


Options outstanding
 Shares
        


Options outstanding
 Weighted-average remaining life (yrs)
        


Options outstanding
 Weighted-average exercise price (usd per share)
        


Options exercisable
 Shares
        


Options exercisable
 Weighted-average remaining life (yrs)
        


Options exercisable
 Weighted-average exercise price (usd per share)
        


        
        


Share-based Compensation
 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range [Line Items]
        


Range of exercise price
 lower limit
        


Range of exercise price
 upper limit
        


Options outstanding
 Shares
        


Options outstanding
 Weighted-average remaining life (yrs)
        


Options outstanding
 Weighted-average exercise price (usd per share)
        


Options exercisable
 Shares
        


Options exercisable
 Weighted-average remaining life (yrs)
        


Options exercisable
 Weighted-average exercise price (usd per share)
        


        
        


Share-based Compensation
 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range [Line Items]
        


Range of exercise price
 lower limit
        


Range of exercise price
 upper limit
        


Options outstanding
 Shares
        


Options outstanding
 Weighted-average remaining life (yrs)
        


Options outstanding
 Weighted-average exercise price (usd per share)
        


Options exercisable
 Shares
        


Options exercisable
 Weighted-average remaining life (yrs)
        


Options exercisable
 Weighted-average exercise price (usd per share)
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














Defined Benefit Plan
 Change in Fair Value of Plan Assets [Roll Forward]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Change in Fair Value of Plan Assets [Roll Forward]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Net
 purchases and sales
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Change in Fair Value of Plan Assets [Roll Forward]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Net
 purchases and sales
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Change in Fair Value of Plan Assets [Roll Forward]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Net
 purchases and sales
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 separately identifying the amount related to assets sold during the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 separately identifying the amount related to assets still held at the reporting date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
 those non-benefit obligations may be considered as reductions of plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sales and settlement of plan obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Supplemental income statement
Property
 plant and equipment
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including descriptions and amounts
 related to the balance sheet
 income statement
 and/or cash flow statement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
$ 1
695.3


        
1
722.2
1
798.5
1
695.3


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
1
654.7
1
551.0
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
1
581.1
1
654.7
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Segment Reporting Information
 Profit (Loss) [Abstract]
        


        
2
1
4
4
1
1
1
4
4
2
1
4
4
1
1
1
4
4
2
1
4
4
1
1
1
3
4
165.4


        
November 30
 2014


        
2
4
1
2
2
4
1
2
2
4
1
2
566.1




        
          

        
          
            

 to the entity's consolidated income before income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and discontinued operations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 long-term customer relationships of a financial institution
 mortgage and other servicing rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred tax assets are located
 and amount of such long-lived assets located in that country or foreign geographic area.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


Risk free interest rate
 minimum
        
        
        


Risk free interest rate
 maximum
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Expected volatility rate
 minimum
        
        
        


Expected volatility rate
 maximum
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax [Abstract]
        


        
The following table sets forth the components of accumulated other comprehensive loss
Accumulated other comprehensive loss
 net of tax where applicable


        
November 30
 2014
Net
Net
 after tax




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Investments In Affiliates (Summarized Annual And Year-End Information Of Unconsolidated Affiliates) (Details) (Unconsolidated Affiliates [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      















          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 allowances
 and discounts reported by an equity method investment of the entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Employee Benefit And Retirement Plans (Benefit Obligation
 Fair Value Of Plan Assets And Reconciliation Of Defined Benefit Plans) (Details) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














Defined Benefit Plan
 Change in Benefit Obligation [Roll Forward]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Change in Fair Value of Plan Assets [Roll Forward]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Settlements
 Plan Assets
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Change in Benefit Obligation [Roll Forward]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Change in Fair Value of Plan Assets [Roll Forward]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Change in Benefit Obligation [Roll Forward]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Change in Fair Value of Plan Assets [Roll Forward]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Change in Benefit Obligation [Roll Forward]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Change in Fair Value of Plan Assets [Roll Forward]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 adjusted for contributions and payments of benefits during the period
 and after adjusting for taxes and other expenses
 as applicable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 but not limited to
 interest
 mortality
 employee turnover
 salary
 and temporary deviation from the substantive plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value as of a date of all benefits attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered prior to that date.  2) For other postretirement defined benefit plans
 the benefit obligation is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value of benefits attributed to employee service rendered to a particular date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including pension benefits
 death benefits
 and benefits due on termination of employment. Also includes payments made under a postretirement benefit plan
 including prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal
 educational and advisory services. This item represents a periodic decrease to the plan obligations and a decrease to plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
 those non-benefit obligations may be considered as reductions of plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Amounts Recognized in Balance Sheet
 Total.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the aggregate pension accumulated benefit obligation for pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets as of the measurement date of each statement of financial position presented.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the aggregate fair value of plan assets for pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets as of the measurement date of each statement of financial position presented.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including those attributed to years of service already rendered.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


Long-term investments
 Carrying amount
        
        


Long-term investments
 Fair value
        
        


Long-term debt
 Carrying amount
1
015.3
1
021.5


Long-term debt
 Fair value
1
109.0
1
102.4


        
        
        


        
        
        


Interest Rate Derivatives
 at Fair Value
 Net
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Foreign Currency Fair Value Hedge Derivative at Fair Value
 Net
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Foreign Currency Fair Value Hedge Derivative at Fair Value
 Net
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes all such derivative instruments in hedging and nonhedging relationships that are recognized as liabilities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of interest rate derivative liabilities
 which includes all such derivative instruments in hedging and nonhedging relationships that are recognized on the balance sheet.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        

      


































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Scenario
 Forecast [Member] | EMEA | Cash Expenditures [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Scenario
 Forecast [Member] | UNITED STATES
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Scenario
 Forecast [Member] | UNITED STATES | Employee Severance [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Scenario
 Forecast [Member] | UNITED STATES | Annual Cost Savings [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Scenario
 Forecast [Member] | UNITED STATES | 2016 Estimated Annual Cost Savings [Domain]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The financial statements include the accounts of our majority-owned or controlled subsidiaries and affiliates. Intercompany transactions have been eliminated. Investments in unconsolidated affiliates
 over which we exercise significant influence
 but not control
 are accounted for by the equity method. Accordingly
For majority-owned or controlled subsidiaries and affiliates
 if located outside of the U.S.
 with functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar
 asset and liability accounts are translated at the rates of exchange at the balance sheet date and the resultant translation adjustments are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 a separate component of shareholders&#8217; equity. Income and expense items are translated at average monthly rates of exchange. Gains and losses from foreign currency transactions of these majority-owned or controlled subsidiaries and affiliates-that is
Our unconsolidated affiliates located outside the U.S. generally use their local currencies as their functional currencies. The asset and liability accounts of those unconsolidated affiliates
 and our investment in the net assets of those unconsolidated affiliates
 are translated at the rates of exchange at the balance sheet date and the resultant translation adjustments are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using standard or average costs which approximate the first-in
Property
Property
 years for machinery
We capitalize costs of software developed or obtained for internal use. Capitalized software development costs include only (1)&#160;direct costs paid to others for materials and services to develop or buy the software
 years
November 30
 2014
November 30
November 30
Determining the fair value of a reporting unit or an indefinite-lived purchased intangible asset is judgmental in nature and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions include revenue growth rates and operating margins used to calculate projected future cash flows
 risk-adjusted discount rates
 assumed royalty rates
Our reporting units used to assess potential goodwill impairment are the same as our business segments. We calculate fair value of a reporting unit by using a discounted cash flow model and then compare that to the carrying amount of the reporting unit
 including intangible assets and goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds the calculated fair value
Our indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of brand names and trademarks. We calculate fair value by using a relief-from-royalty method or discounted cash flow model and then compare that to the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset. If the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value
Fixed assets and amortizable intangible assets are reviewed for impairment as events or changes in circumstances occur indicating that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. Undiscounted cash flow analyses are used to determine if an impairment exists. If an impairment is determined to exist
We recognize revenue when we have an agreement with the customer; upon either shipment or delivery
 depending upon contractual terms; and when the sales price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. We reduce revenue for estimated product returns
Trade allowances
 consisting primarily of customer pricing allowances
 merchandising funds and consumer coupons
Shipping and handling costs on our products sold to customers are included in selling
 general and administrative expense in the income statement. Shipping and handling expense was 
 
 
Research and development costs are expensed as incurred and are included in selling
 general and administrative expense in the income statement. Research and development expense was 
 
 
Total brand marketing support costs
 which are included in selling
 general and administrative expense in the income statement
 were 
 
 
 respectively. Brand marketing support costs include advertising
 promotions and customer trade funds used for cooperative advertising. Promotion costs include public relations
 shopper marketing
 social marketing activities
 general consumer promotion activities and depreciation on assets used in these promotional activities. Advertising costs include the development
 production and communication of advertisements through television
 digital
 print and radio. Development and production costs are expensed in the period in which the advertisement is first run. All other costs of advertisement are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense was 
 
 
We sponsor defined benefit pension plans in the U.S. and certain foreign locations. In addition
We recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of our defined benefit pension plans as an asset or a liability in the balance sheet
We use the corridor approach in the valuation of defined benefit pension plans. The corridor approach defers all actuarial gains and losses resulting from variances between actual results and actuarial assumptions. For defined benefit pension plans
In May 2014
In February 2013
This guidance is intended to provide disclosure on items reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) either in the notes or parenthetically on the face of the income statement. We adopted this new accounting pronouncement in 2014 and have included the necessary disclosures in note 9
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss. There was no impact on our financial statements from adoption
 other than the additional disclosures.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Fair Value Measurements (Assets And Liabilities Measured At Fair Value On Recurring Basis) (Details) (Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified











Fair Value
 Assets Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation [Line Items]
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


Fair Value
 Assets Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation [Line Items]
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


Fair Value
 Assets Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation [Line Items]
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


Fair Value
 Assets Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation [Line Items]
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 foreign currency options
 forward contracts
 and swaps.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 foreign currency options
 forward (delivery or nondelivery) contracts
 and swaps entered into.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes all such derivative instruments in hedging and nonhedging relationships that are recognized as assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 marketable securities
 derivative financial instruments
 and investments accounted for under the equity method.
              
 -Subparagraph a
 f
 g
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]D
3-D.#!F
%\S-6
U7S0U
#E?8C-A
5]A
C
V
M
6
R93
X96



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]D,3-D.#!F,%\S-6,U7S0U,#E?8C-A,5]A
M,C,V,6,R93,X96,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9#$S
M9#@P9C!?
S5C-5\T-3`Y7V(S83%?83(S-C%C





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI







M='


M:&5E='






M:7-I=&EO;G















#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O









M.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4W1O8VM87-E9%]#;VUP



M93Y);F-O;65?5&%X97








C










#I.86UE/E-U;6UA<GE?3V9?4VEG;FEF





M97-?4W!E8VEA;%]#:&%R9V4Q/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T




M:&5E='
O4VAE970S


M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^1FEN86YC













M=&%L7T9I;F%N8VEA;%]3=&%T96UE
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O


#I7
M;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T-#4N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K

M;&5?07-S971S
#I.

\+W@Z3F%M93X-


T/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U





&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*


MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^1FEN86YC:6YG





M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^1FEN86YC





M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^1FEN











O4VAE
M970V







M969I=%]!;F1?4F5T:7)E;65N
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K






O4VAE970V.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC96Q7;W)K

M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7


M968]

O4VAE
M970W


M06YD7U)E=&ER96UE;C$P/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U


T0B5V]R:W-H965T

M(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4W1O8VM87-E9%]#
M;VUP96YS871I;VY?4W5M;6%R/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T



T0B5V]R:W-H

M9%]#;VUP96YS871I;VY?4W5M;6%R


M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K

M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7


M.#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC


M965T.#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z

M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7


M968]

O4VAE


M7T9I;F%N8VEA;%]3=&%T96UE
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS
M:&5E='
O4VAE970Y





T0B






S5C-5\T-3`Y7V(S
M83%?83(S-C%C
F4S.&5C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+V0Q
V0X
&8P7S
U8S5?-#4P.5]B
V$Q7V$R
S8Q8S)E

M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$531D%'/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'





]
T1T:#Y-87D@
S$L(#(P
M
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
M

]








]

]
T1T97AT/BTM
3$M









]


]


P


]



T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@1FES8V%L






]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^16YT:71Y(%!U8FQI8R!&;&]A=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@







]


]

]
T1P

]


]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C$Q
M+#DV
RPQ





]
T1N=6UP/C@U.2PU.3





]





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D
3-D.#!F
M
%\S-6
U7S0U
#E?8C-A
5]A
C
V
6
R93
X96




M97%U:78]


]



M9SY#;VYS;VQI9&%T960@26YC;VUE(%-T871E;65N=`H55-$(0I/&)R/DEN


^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/DYO=BX@
S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^3F]V+B`S

]
M
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#
P+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@




]

]
T1N


]




]


Y

]





]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L




M97

]
T1N=6UP/C(U/'-P86X^



]


]


#






]








]

M;7`^


S




]
M
T1N=6UP/C


S@V+C


M(&]P97)A=&EO;G


]








3-D.#!F
%\S
M-6
U7S0U
#E?8C-A
5]A
C
V
6
R93
X96

M;G0]






]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#

S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S



M4T]





]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@-#



]








L($%D:G5S=&UE;G0L(&)E9F]R92!487@\

]
T1N=6UP/C(S-2XV/'-P86X^

3(V+CDI




]
T1N=6T^

]
M
T1N=6T^*#


]
M


]
T1N=6T^


]

;W-S*2P@5&%X

]
T1N=6UP/C





]


]

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@



S5C-5\T-3`Y7V(S83%?83(S
M-C%C
F4S.&5C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V0Q
V0X
M
&8P7S
U8S5?-#4P.5]B
V$Q7V$R
S8Q8S)E

M965T

M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$514D%'/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@



M;VYG/D-O;G-O;&ED871E9!86QA;F-E(%-H965T(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@
M36EL;&EO;G

C`Q-#QB

#$S







@;V8@)#0N
!F;W(@,C`Q-!A
M;F0@)#0N
2!F;W(@
C`Q


T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)I97


]


]



]


W





2PW
C(N


]
M


S


]
T1N=6UP/C
T
BXT/'-P86X^



]











]




M-S(N

]
T1N=6UP/C0V

]


2PP
30N



]
T1N=6UP


]


]




]

]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/CDX



]
T1N=6T^*#`N


\


T1T;W`^5&]T


2PX



]
T1R;W4^#0H@(`@(`@



]




]


T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K/]T9#X-B`@










]


]



M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

S5C-5\T-3`Y7V(S83%?83(S-C%C
F4S.&5C#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V0Q
V0X
&8P7S
U8S5?-#4P.5]B
M
V$Q7V$R
S8Q8S)E

#4N:'1M;`T*0V]N



^


M1$E$



M9!86QA;F-E(%-H965T(A087)E;G1H971I8V%L*2`H55-$(0I/&)R/DEN

S`L(#(P
30\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S


T1T;W`^5')A9&4@
M86-C;W5N='




]



]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SQS

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!S:&%R97
@875T:&]R:7IE9#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@



]
T1N=6UP/C$R/'-P

3(N
M

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!S:&%R97



T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K($YO

]
T1T

]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C
R



T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N


]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!S:&%R97


M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9#$S9#@P9C!?
S5C-5\T-3`Y7V(S83%?83(S
M-C%C

O4VAE970P-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



]




]

]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@







]

M86QI9VX]

]
T1N=6UP/C$P






]



]
T1N=6UP/C4N







34N


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$N


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(T+C


M97)A=&EO;G

M86QI9VX]

M='






]
T1N=6T^*#(Y+C(I/'-P86X^



]



]
T1N=6UP/C@N


]


]




]



]



]


]








3

3`N







T1T;W`^3F5T


3

C



]




T1T



]







C4Q



M9VX]
T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'


]


RXQ



]
T1N=6T^*#$S


]

]
T1N=6T^*#$Y
M


]


M(&%C=&EV:71I97


]
T1N=6T^*#


T1T;W`^169F96-T(&]F(&5X8VAA;F=E(')A=&4@8VAA





]








]


]




M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]D,3-D.#!F,%\S-6,U7S0U,#E?
M8C-A,5]A,C,V,6,R93,X96,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO9#$S9#@P9C!?
S5C-5\T-3`Y7V(S83%?83(S-C%C

M:&5E='
O4VAE970P-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M

M1`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4F5T86EN
M960@16%R;FEN9W


]


]




M(#






C`Q


]


]




]
T1T97AT


]
T1N=6UP

]
T1T

]
T1N


M9VX]

]
T1R










]


]


]








]


]


]
T1N=6UP









]


]

]
T1R

]
T1N=6T^*#$T


]












]


]


T1T;W`^17%U86P@97AC:&%N9V4L('-H87)E


]


]



T1T;W`^17%U

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92P@5F%L=64@870@3F]V+B`S,P@
C`Q
CPO=&0^

]


C`Q
CPO


]


]









]
















]


]


]



T1T




]


]




M/B@P+C




M1&YU;3XH


]

]




]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T



]


]


]


M;3XH

]
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/C$N


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^17%U86P@97AC:&%N9V4L(&%M;W5N=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@



]


]


T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92P@5F%L=64@870@3F]V
M+B`S

2PY



]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS


]









]







BXU/'-P86X^




BXU/'-P



L(&YE=!O9B!T87@\+W1D/@T*(`@

]


]


]






]

]
T1N=6T^*#$S

]
T1T

]
T1T

]

M1&YU;3XH





]



]




M1&YU;3XH


C4N

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R



















]


]

]
T1P


]


]


T1T;W`^17%U86P@97AC:&%N

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M0F%L86YC92P@5F%L=64@870@3F]V+B`S,P@
C`Q-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$X








]


]


3-D.#!F
%\S-6
U
M7S0U
#E?8C-A
5]A
C
V
6
R93
X96



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]

]




#$S/&)R

C`Q
M

]





M:&%N9V4@:6X@9&5R:79A=&EV92!F:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='
L('1A
'0^/'-P86X^/]S<&%N




]





V0X
&8P7S
U8S5?-#4P
M.5]B
V$Q7V$R
S8Q8S)E






]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^



]
T1T:#Y.
M;W8N(#





]








#`U
SEB.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[
M/E-534U!4ED@3T8@4TE'3DE&24-!3E0@04-#3U5.5$E.1R!03TQ)0TE%4SPO

3(P)3MP861D


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\


M;G-O;&ED871E9!A9F9I;&EA=&5S+!O=F5R('=H:6-H('=E(&5X97)C:7-E



3(P)3MP





'!T.SY&;W(@

@;W1H97(@=&AA;B!T:&4@52Y3


X






M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


M:&]S92!U;F-O;G-O;&ED871E9!A9F9I;&EA=&5S+!A;F0@;W5R(&EN=F5S


X
M



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P




@8V]U;&0@



G!X.V9O





3!P=#L^/&9O


3!P=#L^



@
M87)E(&-L87-S:69I960@87

M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P






#`P

M;CIN;VYE.SXT


#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M

#`P
#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^

T1F;VYT+69A



M9X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




RDF(S$V


T1F


#`P
#`P


2XW(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


3!P=#L^(&]F



'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P



3!P=#MC

#`P

M
P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L



T1F


#`P
#`P


M


M(S`P-3

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




@86YD(&-O;F1U8W0@=&5S='
@;V8@








3(P)3MP861D






N(%=E(&)A




3(P)3MP861D







@86YD(&=O


@







#`U

M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/DEN9&5F:6YI=&4M;&EV960@26YT86YG:6)L92!!

T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ






M
F4Z,3!P
M=#L^1FEX960@87-S971S(&%N9!A;6]R=&EZ86)L92!I;G1A;F=I8FQE(&%S

@979E;G1S(&]R
M(&-H86YG97





M.C$R
F4Z,3!P=#MC;VQO
M<CHC,#`U,SEB.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E)E=F5N=64@4F5C;V=N:71I
M;VX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P

T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ













M;&4]







M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T1F


#`U
SEB

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0[/BP@/]F


#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#8Q
M+C


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M


'!T.SX@86YD(#PO

M



3!P=#L^+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




#`P

M;VYE.SXD
3DX+C

'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P




#`P

M;VYE.SXR



#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q


L('-H;W!P97(@



@:6YC=7)R960N($%D=F5R=&ES:6YG








3!P=#L^




#`P

M;VYE.SXR



#`P
#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q

M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


Y8CMF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY%

@:6X@=&AE(%4N4RX@86YD(&-O;G1R





N
M)B

@87
@86X@87-S


T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

3!P


M








#`P






M8F5N969I=!P96YS:6]N('!L86YS+!T:&5S92!U;G)E8V]G;FEZ960@9V%I
M;G

T1F;VYT


#`P
#`P.SXQ
M


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M






M9&%R9'


C`Q


M9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='

M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



M:69I960@3W5T(&]F($%C8W5M=6QA=&5D($]T:&5R($-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@




M;65N='
@9G)O;2!A9&]P=&EO;BP@;W1H97(@=&AA;B!T:&4@861D:71I;VYA


M+R\O0SHO9#$S9#@P9C!?
S5C-5\T-3`Y7V(S83%?83(S-C%C
F4S.&5C+U=O

O4VAE970Q


T0G




M/3-$


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S



]
T1R;SX-



3(P)3MP861D:6YG+71O






T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M

M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



2P@
C`Q

M:&4@87-S971S(&]F(%=U:&%N($%S:6$M4&%C:69I8R!#;VYD:6UE;G1S($-O
M+B!



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US


'!T.SX@;V8@;&EA8FEL:71I97
N(%1H92!A8W%U:7-I
M=&EO;B!W87


L('=H:6-H




'!T.SXD
3(R(&UI;&QI




M








3!P=#L^)#0V+C$@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N



M

@=&\@;W5R(&-O




@96YD960@3F]V96UB97(@
S`L(#(P
M
3
@86YD(#(P




F4Z,3!P=#L^)#$N-R!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT




M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
F4Z,3!P=#L^4')O9F]R;6$@9FEN86YC:6%L(&EN9F]R;6%T:6]N
M(&9O<B!T:&4@5W5H86X@86-Q=6ES:71I;VX@:&%S(&YO=!B965N('!R97-E
M;G1E9!B96-A=7-E('1H92!F:6YA;F-I86P@:6UP86-T(&ES(&YO=!M871E


M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]D,3-D.#!F,%\S-6,U7S0U,#E?8C-A,5]A
M,C,V,6,R93,X96,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9#$S
M9#@P9C!?
S5C-5\T-3`Y7V(S83%?83(S-C%C

O
M4VAE970Q
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]


M

S`L(#(P



]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4W!E8VEA;!#:&%R9V5S(%M497AT($)L;V-K


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#4S.6([9F]N=UW96EG
M:'0Z8F]L9#L^,RXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#M34$5#24%,($-(05)'15,\+V9O;G0^
M/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE




3!P=#L^/&9O


3!P=#L^
M26X@=&AE(&9O=7)T:!Q=6%R=&5R(&]F(#(P,3,L('=E(&%N;F]U;F-E9!A




'!T

M.C$R



3!P=#L^(&)R




3!P


M










T1F;VYT+69A

3!P=#L^(&]F(&-H87)G97



M:6YE(&EN('1H92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@:6YC;VUE('-T871E;65N=X@3V8@
M=&AE(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[/B0R-2XP(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O


M

3
L



3!P=#MC

#`P

M



#`P
#L^)#(N





@:6X@=&AE($5-14$@

6QE/3-$
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0[/B0Q,!M:6QL:6]N





M
'!T.SX@:6X@


'!T



#`P
#L^)#(R+C(@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N



#`P
#L^)#(N.!M:6QL:6]N/]F











@


@
M;&]W97(@=&AA;B!I='





M($YO=F5M8F5R(#
P+`R,#$T(&ES(&YO=!S:6=N:69I8V%N=X\+V9O;G0^
M/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



@=&AE(&UA:F]R(&-O;7!O
M;F5N='


M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


T1P
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

@


M9VEN+7)I9VAT.F%U=&\[=VED=&@Z.3@N


M/3-$

T0Q



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@




T0Q)2!R;W=S



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ





P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




M








T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








3!P=#L^/&9O


3!P=#L^
M



M;W1T;VTZ










3X\9&EV

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



3X\9&EV









M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


3PO9F]N=#X\






3X\9&EV
F4Z,3!P=#L^
M*#<N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L






T1F;VYT+69A

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D






M/3-$







M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\





G!X




T1V97)T



M8F5R(#




M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P










T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB;W)D97(M

#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

4[9F]N=US





M

3!P=#L^)#(N
2!M:6QL


M;B`R
#$T(')E;&%T960@=&\@=&AE('!R979I;W5S;'D@86YN;W5N8V5D($5-







2D@1'5R


'!T.SXD
2XS








#$U(&%N9P@=7!O;B!C;VUP;&5T:6]N+!G96YE









C`Q-2!A;F0L

@;V8@

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

3!P=#L^)#`N.!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT/CQF

M/BX@*#







'!T.SX@






M=&5D(&EN(#(P



S5C
M-5\T-3`Y7V(S83%?83(S-C%C
F4S.&5C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V0Q
V0X
&8P7S
U8S5?-#4P.5]B
V$Q7V$R
S8Q8S)E
SAE



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V


$5-13X-B`@(`@

M='


]
M


]



M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P


@:6YT

@87




#`P

M;CIN;VYE.SXR


M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M;&4]
T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:6YG/3-$

M5&EM97

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M('=I9'1H/3-$-3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$





M


Y8CLG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

T1F;VYT+69A

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P


T1F;VYT



3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M;W1T;VTZ

P

M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[

R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O
M;&]R.B-E




M;W`Z


P
M

M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^06-C=6UU;&%T960\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL







M
#`U

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`U

6QE/3-$
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^06-C=6UU;&%T960\
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[




G!X


#`U


P
#4S.6([




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG


#`U
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
S0N-SPO9F]N=#X\







G!X




3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
S`N
CPO9F]N



G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^26YD969I;FET92UL:79E9!I;G1A

M1#

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#



M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


B!S='EL93TS

&4S

M;W1T;VTZ






3X\



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^



CAP








M;&4]



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

T1F




G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO

P
#4S



F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

3MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



M
2PY.3
N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






#`U



P


3X\9&EV




G!X



P
#4S.6([




B!S='EL93TS



7!X



P


G!X.W!A









P
M







T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T








7!X







#`U

3MB

#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




P


3X\
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

Y8CMP861D


7!X
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N

P
#4S.6([

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




M


#`U
SEB.V)O


M93HQ

M+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M


'!T.SY);G1A;F=I8FQE



3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P




F4Z,3!P=#L^(&%N9`\+V9O;G0^


3!P

#`P


M

M:6]N.FYO;F4[/C(P

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




T1F


#`P
#`P



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I


P+`R,#$T/]F;VYT/CQF







M


M=VED=&@Z

3



M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



3X\


#`U




#`U


M93HQ

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M
M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P

M



M.'!T.SXR


#`U

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
F4Z.'!T.SXH;6EL;&EO;G,I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T




M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U

M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







P





M
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A








M+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F






3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[

T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.R!R;W=S




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z











M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
30T+C










M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




T1F;VYT+69A

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL






M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^1V]O9'=I;&P@86-Q=6ER

T1V

V8Q


'0M86QI9VXZ


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



M;W`Z









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



M(S@R




M








M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E




F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/BD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^






M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T


G!X.W!A9&1I


P
#4S.6([

M;VTZ


7!X('-O;&ED

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^16YD(&]F('EE

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T




Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

2PU.#$N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




#`U



M+6-O;&]R.B-E

Y8CLG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`U

M


M;W`Z
F4Z.'!T


#`U
M


#`U


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M

G!X('-O

P
#4S






M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




P


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^






T1F;VYT

N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]D
3-D.#!F
%\S-6
U7S0U
#E?8C-A
5]A
C
V
M
6
R93
X96






M/DEN=F5S=&UE;G1S($EN($%F9FEL:6%T97




]



\



M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
F4Z,3!P=#MC;VQO<CHC,#`U,SEB.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT
M.F)O;&0[/B8C,38P.TE.5D535$U%3E13($E.($%&1DE,24%415,\+V9O;G0^
M/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




M=W



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M


T0Q


Y
M8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
F4Z.'!T.SXH;6EL;&EO
M;G,I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U

3MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


Y8CLG
M(')O=W-P86X]



P



M:'0Z

F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0S


#`U

M;W`Z


#`U



M
C`Q

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL
F4Z.'!T.SY.970@<V%L97



T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

M

M





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F















'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]










M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



CDN
M

P







T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



M


M;&4]



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


P
M





B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ










M/3-$

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M9RUT;W`Z



&4S
M9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



T1F;VYT+69A



M;W1T;VTZ






M




2!C;VQS



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C$R
M












B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD



M




M8FEL:71I97

M;&4]

M93!E

G!X.W!A9&1I


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






M/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

Y8CMB86-K9W)O
M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E




P
#4S.6([8F%C:V=R

P




P
M





B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL

'!T

M


#`P
M
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P
M<'0[/B!A=`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]



#`P


P@,C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS









#`P

M;VYE.SXD




M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

T1F


#`P
#`P



'!T.SY/=7(@


T1F;VYT+69A


#`P

M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXU


M(S`P
#`P

M

T1F;VYT+69A

3!P=#L^(&EN(#(P
3
@86YD(#PO9F]N



M;&4Z+R\O0SHO9#$S9#@P9C!?
S5C-5\T-3`Y7V(S83%?83(S-C%C
F4S.&5C


M


2!R;W=S




]


M;65N='


M

4[9F]N=US:7IE


Y8CMF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY&24Y!



M($YO=F5M8F5R(#

M96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A9&1I

3`P)3MB;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]





M





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`U



M.CAP=#L^

P
#4S.6([)R!R;W=S







G!X


Y8CLG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE

\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC

3MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE

R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

M;W1T;VTZ


7!X('-O

F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L



G!X.V)A8VMG











T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




#`U

M;&5F=#HQ



3X\

P

M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,S`N,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[)R!R;W=S





M-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z








M93HQ



38P




P
M



#`U
M

3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]









#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



P



#`U

M(V4P93-F

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



P
M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



P



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^



;VYG

M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I



M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-2XR,4@;F]T97
@9'5E(#$R+S$U+S(P
34\+V9O


M








M


G!X




XP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X



XP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

M(V4P93-F



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/C
N.3`E(&YO=&5S(&1U92`W+S@O
C`R


M;&4]

#PO


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A


M;F]T97
@9'5E(#@O
3DO
C`R


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


G!X.W!A


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M


T1F

3LX









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X




T0R('-T




'!T.SX\9F]N




M;G1S(&%N9!F86ER('9A;'5E(&%D:G5S=&UE;G1S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.W!A9&1I



F4Z.'!T.SXQ+#`Q-2XS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M;W(Z(V4P93-F



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





#`U




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M


P

P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z.'!T.SXR+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D

P

2!C




Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM









#`U

3LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

P
#4S.6([)R!R;W=S





M96EG:'0Z
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



@3F5W


T1W:61T
M:#HR






#`P

M;VYE.SXD

T1F;VYT+69A




M.SX@;F]T97
@9'5E(&EN(#(P
34@:7
@969F96-T:79E;'D@8V]N=F5R=&5D


M

M:7


#`P



M

T1V

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M)#(U



#`P
#MT97AT

T1F





M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MP861D




M;&4]


L('-E

@:6X@
C`Q
M
2P@969F96-T:79E;'D@9FEX960@=&AE(&EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@;VX@=&AE



T1F





M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MP861D



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



#`P




M875L=#L^
RXS

@;V8@;&]N




T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ







3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M93IC;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0T(')O=W-P86X]

T0W)2!R




G!X.W!A9&1I


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


G!X.W!A


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N

G!X.V)O





M





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
XW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV








M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$X/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]




F4Z.'!T.SXR-3`N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



M.CAP=#L^

'!T.SX\9F]N








#`U


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





#`P

M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD

T1F

3!P=#L^(&]F(#PO9F]N=#X\


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P

M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD




#`P

M.SXD

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL







T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A

@86YD(&9O



N(%-O;64@;V8@=&AE



@=&EM97
N($EN($IU;F4@
C`Q


#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



2!D<F%W;B!B87-I<RP@:7,@3$E




#`P


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P









#`P
M

C`Q


M









'!T.SXL(#PO9F]N





3

M


T1F


#`P
#`P



M;&EO;G

M









M/3-$

3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P

2!C;VQS

#MP861D:6YG


G!X('-O





M.'!T.SXR



G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N

M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

3


G!X



3X\

B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD



M
3$N



M:'0Z





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^.XU/]F;VYT/CPO





Y
M8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M


T0G=F5R=&EC










M
3!P=#L^
C`Q

M97)S(&]F(&-R961I=8C,38P.V]F(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

3!P=#L^)#8Q+CD@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\



'!T.SXD
M


M

3!P=#L^3F]V96UB97(@
M
S`L(#(P





V0X
&8P7S
U
M8S5?-#4P.5]B
V$Q7V$R
S8Q8S)E







]


M


#$T/&)R





]
T1T97AT/CQD


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T1F


#`U
SEB



M92!F:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='
@=&\@96YH86YC92!O=7(@86)I;&ET





M;6UU;FEC871I;VX@=VET:!S96YI;W(@;6%N86=E;65N=!A;F0@=&AE('5S



Y8CMF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY&




@86YD



3(P)3MP861D:6YG





N(&1O;&QA













M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#(V
BXW(&UI;&QI;VX\








3!P=#L^(&%T($YO=F5M8F5R(#

@












T1F;VYT+69A


M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`U
SEB.V9O;G0M=V5I


'!T.SY792!F




M




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M

'!T

M(%1R96%S=7)Y(')A=&4@;&]C:R!A9W)E96UE;G1S('1O(&UA;F%G92!O=7(@


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P


M

3!P=#L^('-I;75L=&%N

@870@86X@86QL
M+6EN(&5F9F5C=&EV92!F:7AE9!R871E(&]F(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P




@

@;F]T(&UA=&5R:6%L+CPO9F]N=#X\

3(P)3MP861D:6YG+71O





M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#$P
!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT





'!T.SXN(%=E(&1E




3!P

#`P




'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P




'!T.SX@=&AA

M


#`P
M


T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ


T1F


#`P
#`P


M

M:6]N.FYO;F4[/C(P
3

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$




T0Q
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@



P
#4S.6([/DYO=F5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S`L
M(#(P


T0S('-T

M(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T


#`U

M(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[

M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

P



Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O
M;&]R.B-E






P
#4S.6([8F%C:V=R


F4Z.'!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([/FQO8V%T:6]N/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB.V)A

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I





P
#4S.6([/DYO=&EO;F%L)B
Q

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M


M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&-O;&]R.B
P



P
#4S.6([/D)A;&%N8V4F(S$V
M

Y

P

M;W(Z(S`P-3
Y8CL^3F]T:6]N86PF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]





M.V-O;&]R.B
P


Y
M8CL^3W1H97(F(S$V
#MC=7)R96YT)B

M;W(Z(S`P-3





#`U

T1F;VYT

P
#4S.6([/C$P
M

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[8F]R9&5R+71O

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



M;&]R.B
P

T1V

V8Q

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`U




M

M;&]R.B-E




M/3-$




P
#4S.6([/D]T:&5R)B
Q-C`[


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R


T1F;VYT+69A

P
#4S.6([/B8C.#(Q
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

3MB;W)D97(M=&]P

#`U


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M9RUT;W`Z




M8V]L;W(Z(S`P-3

\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




M;VTZ

V8Q




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`U
SEB.SXQ
#8N
SPO

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1F

P
#4S.6([

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



P
M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
F4Z.'!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D

P


P
#4S.6([8F%C

P



M(V4P93-F
3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

P
#4S.6([



#`U

3LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




#`U
SEB.V)A8VMG

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF


Y8CMB86-K
M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



G!X


#`U
SEB.SXF
M(S$V


M

G!X('-O






T1T


#`U
M




M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I



#`U

M(V4P93-F




P
#4S.6([8F%C:V=R

P




Y8CL^)B



Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


M(S`P-3
Y8CL^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P


M97(F(S$V
#LS



M



F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^





G!X.W!A9&1I


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF








6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI





P






P


G!X.W!A


6QE/3-$
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^07-S970@1&5R:79A
M=&EV97

M

G!X('-O







P








T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



#`U
SEB



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



R!S='EL


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

Y8CMP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




M

Q-C`[

T1V








M



#`N
M




M/3-$


M







G!X.W!A9&1I




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO



M



T1V97)T


T1F




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

Y8CMP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M;VTZ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L




Y8CMP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z







M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z.'!T.SXQ
M,C4N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

Y8CLG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N

T1F



Y8CLG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


#`U
M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

F4Z.'!T.SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH

#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO


#`U



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`U






\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M






P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^)B


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I

M(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M('-T871E;65N=!F;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S

'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P

M


#`P
#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q

'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P





M/3-$





M/3-$


T0Q


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$







G!X.W!A





38P.W-T871E










M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB



T0Q/CQD:78@



P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M.CAP=#L^
C`Q


\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T




#`U

M

&4S





Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
M


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



#`U
SEB



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO


#`U



M


#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



#`U
SEB



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO


#`U



M




3!P

#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[9F]N




M


2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

T0R




#`U

G!X


M


P
#4S

M;W1T;VTZ




M26YC;VUE)B

Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B



P







P
#4S.6([8F%C:V=R


30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIM:61D

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z




T1F


F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U





T1T97AT+6%L


P


G!X


6QE
M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
C`Q
CPO9F]N




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X.R!R




M;&4]

M93!E





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL



M;&4]

M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#`N,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S



M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I
M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1F;VYT+69A

XR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F




M/3-$

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL





M

M-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N

P


G!X.V)A8VMG

3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L

#`U
SEB.V)A


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


P
#4S.6([8F%C:V=R

P




P
M





B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


T1F;VYT


#MO
M9B8C
38P.V=O;V1S)B

M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[

M;VTZ




#`U

M

M;W1T;VTZ


P
#4S.6([

M;VTZ


P


M

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M





!S




M93!E

F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D

P



Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
M





M-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\9&EV('-T
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

Y8CMP861D:6YG+71O



P
M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



M:7IE.CAP=#L^*#(N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



#`U
M




M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I
M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


T1F;VYT+69A



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG

P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


#`U

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N

#`U
SEB.W!A9&1I

2!C



M

G!X('-O





T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




M+C


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I


M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]V
M96UB97(@
S`L(#(P

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR,#$S/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT

M97)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W




T0Q



T0Q)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$

3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIM:61D;&4[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M

F4Z
M.'!T.SXR,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V('-T


#`P

M

M
#`U


C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT




M/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I








G!X



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





3
N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


RXP



M






2!C;VQS




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R








M
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

2PP
34N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@



2PQ
M
#DN

M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

F4Z.'!T.SXQ+#`R,2XU/]F






B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q



M=#L^
2PQ


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T

M;CTS1#



M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L




M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T

M;&5F=#HQ


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





M



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






M




G!X.R!R




P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M





M93!E

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^


T0R


#`U

3MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z









Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



M07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,2XV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`U


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R

F4Z,3!P=#L^0F5C875S92!O9B!T:&5I<B!S
M:&]R=UT97)M(&YA='5R92P@=&AE(&%M;W5N='


L

@86YD('1R861E


M9RUT;W`Z


T1F;VYT

3!P=#L^26YV97-T;65N='
@:6X@



@=V%S



'!T.SY.;W9E

P@,C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY




M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


M93HQ

M8V5N=')A=&EO;G



N







38L(&5A8V@@;V8@




M($YO=F5M8F5R(#

P@,C`Q-P@86UO


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

3!P=#L^



'0O:'1M




3XQ
B!-;VYT
M:'









'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#4S
M.6([9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^1D%)4B!604Q512!-14%355)%345.5%,\
M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T1W:61T:#HR
'!X





2!C;VQS


3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I





3H\+V9O;G0^


3!P

@9F]R


M

T1V


3!P=#L^)B
X
C(V.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D







@;W(@;&EA8FEL
M:71I97



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E




M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
F4Z,3!P=#L^3W5R('!O<'5L871I;VX@;V8@87-S971S(&%N9!L:6%B:6QI


P+`R,#$T/]F;VYT/CQF




'!T.SX@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W


M/3-$



M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO

T1F

38P.SPO9F]N


P
#4S



38P.W9A;'5E)B
Q-C`[;65A



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P-3
Y8CL^=F%L=64F(S$V
#MH:65R87)C:'DF(S$V

M
38P.V]F)B
Q-C`[($YO=F5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S`L)B
Q-C`[
C`Q-8C,38P
M.R8C,38P.R8C,38P.R8C,38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S

M;W1T;VTZ




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

Y8CMB86-K
M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



G!X


#`U
SEB.SY&86ER)B
Q-C`[=F%L
M=64F(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E



#`U

3MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z




T1F

P
#4S.6([
M/DQE=F5L)B
Q-C`[

38P.S
F(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V



M93!E

G!X.W!A9&1I



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B




M;&]R.B
P

\+V9O;G0^



Y8CL^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

T1F

P
#4S.6([




M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`U

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE








M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M






#`U



M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


M(S`P-3



P
#4S.6([/C$P-XU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


G!X.W!A






#`U


\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



M;W`Z

F4Z.'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B,P,#4S.6([/C@N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E

&4S9C$[
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



M93HQ



M+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V

V8Q.W!A






M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M







M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#4S.6([/B8C.#(Q
CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO






M

M;&]R.B-E






Y




P
#4S.6([/B8C.#(Q
CL\+V9O;G0^




M/3-$

M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

M(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD




#`U

M

M





B!S='EL

M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



Y8CL^)B
X
M

M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

#`U




3X\


M.B-E

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[8V]L
M;W(Z(S`P-3
Y8CL^)B
X

!S;VQI

P
#4S.6([


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF


Y8CMP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P


3X\9&EV('-T


#`U
M





P
#4S.6([

P





M(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P


M/3-$



#`U

3MP861D


7!X
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N


M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[8F]R9&5R+71O

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



P




M93!E


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




#`U
SEB.SXQ
38N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



#`U

M;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


Y
M8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


#`U
SEB.SXF
M(S@R



Y8CL^3&EA8FEL:71I97
\+V9O;G0^









T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.W!A9&1I


#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T

V8Q.W!A


#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

V8Q


#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T1V

V8Q.W!A





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`U


3L@



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V

V8Q


'0M86QI9VXZ






2!C;VQS



M;W(Z(V4P93-F

G!X




Y8CL^
2XT






P
#4S.6([/B8C.#(Q




3X\


Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S



#`P


P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3MB;W)D

#`P



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P

F4Z.'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([/C$N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[8F]R9&5R+71O

#!F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M




#`U

M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F

#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




M(S`P-3
Y8CL^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

T1F

P
#4S.6([



M
#`U

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


#!F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




#`U
SEB.SXF(S@R






M=&@]
T0Q

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$









G!X.R!R

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF

#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L




T1T97AT


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A






M-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\



M.SY&86ER)B
Q-C`[=F%L=64F(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V


M;&4]

7!X

M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^3&5V96PF(S$V,#LQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U





T1T97AT+6%L


Y
M8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV






G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^07-S971S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M



M

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



M=#L^-C
N



2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N
M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E

M;W1T;VTZ










M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

X



M;VTZ



M/3-$


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




CL\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A













T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V


F(S$V
#MA;F0@;W1H97(@




M93HQ








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A

M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M.'!T.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





M;'-P86X]




F4Z.'!T.SXQ,BXR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L

X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



3X\9&EV('-T






M




3X\

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


M(&-O;'-P86X]





T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




T1F;VYT

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG








M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



M.CAP=#L^)B
X

P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`U





#`U

M

M
#`U

F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D

P

G!X

#`U
M

F4Z.'!T.SXQ-SDN-SPO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

Y8CMB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P

#`U


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]

7!X

P
M










P


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^






T1F;VYT

#
N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


P




P


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P





F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/DQI86)I
M;&ET:65S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



R!S='EL

G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL






M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L

!S
M;VQI9`C
#`U




Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


Y8CLG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`U


Y8CLG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


P
#4S





B!S='EL


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




P
#4S.6([)R!R;W=S





P
#4S

M;W1T;VTZ



P

M(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ














]



]



G!X


M8F]L9#L^.2XF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#M!0T-5355
051%1!/5$A%4B!#3TU04D5(
M14Y3259%($Q/4U,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.C$R


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97


M969T.F%U=&\[;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.F%U=&\[=VED=&@Z.3DN-C`Y


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$






#`U

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`U



P


M-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS











T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V







M







M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD







M



T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.R!R;W=S




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


















'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^





F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/BD\+V9O;G0^/]D



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L


M

M;&]R.B-E








M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


B!S='EL93TS

&4S

M;W1T;VTZ



C0N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;&4]






M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


Y
M8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P


3X\
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

Y8CMB86-K
M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



#`U



P

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL
!S;VQI



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


M

XS/]F;VYT


#`U

M:'0Z


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M


M
'!T.SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE('-E='
@9F]R=&@@=&AE(&%M;W5N
M='


I(&%N9!I;G1O(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9!N


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P

M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


'!T



T0Q/CPO=&0^



M



3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$



3X\+W1D/CPO='(^

P
#4S





M;W1T;VTZ


G!X('-O


R!S='EL93TS



M




G!X






M





G!X















M;W`Z

M

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


Y8CLG/CQD

F4Z.'!T.SY!
M9F9E8W1E9!
:6YE($ET96US(&EN('1H92!#;VYS;VQI9&%T960@26YC;VUE

T1F


M26YC;VUE(A,;W-S*2!#;VUP;VYE;G1S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D






M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED






T1T97AT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T






M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G=F5R


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B






M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

P

3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE










M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



M





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




G!X.W!A9&1I





F4Z.'!T.SXH,2XT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T






M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T







B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M

F4Z.'!T.SXH,2XQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`U

3MP

M;VTZ

F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/BD\+V9O;G0^/]D


M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
XV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S

G!X



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





M/3-$





M

M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#$N
SPO9F]N


M












M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



M






M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$





M:'0Z





38P.SPO



M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M93!E






2XP

P


3X\9&EV('-T

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P




M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


#`P

M:'0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L



M.SXH






M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R





38P

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



T1O=F5R
F4Z
3!P=#L^
M)B



G!X.R!R;W=S




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I


3!P=#L^)B


M



M







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T

V8Q.W!A


#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$





G!X









M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL





M

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B






M.SXH





M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T








M;&4]



M-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E





M
#`U

3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S




T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

T1F




M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1F;VYT+69A







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

S4N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q








M











#`U
SEB





Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N

#`U
SEB.V)A8VMG


M;W1T;VTZ



P

P

2!C




Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X






38P




M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C,N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P-3

#`U




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#4S





38P.SPO9F]N




M-3

#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


P
#4S.6([

M;VTZ



M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

G!X('-O

T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ










]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#
P+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@





M4&QA;G


M

F4Z,3!P=#MC;VQO<CHC,#`U,SEB.V9O;G0M
M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D5-4$Q/645%($)%3D5&250@04Y$(%)%5$E214U%3E0@
M4$Q!3E,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
M






@=&\@8V5R=&%I;B!5
M+E


3!P=#L^


3!P


M:6]N.FYO;F4[/DYO=F5M8F5R(#






'!T







#`P




C`Q-2!R96QA=&5D('1O('1H92!A;6]R=&EZ871I;VX@;V8@86-T

T1F;VYT+69A

3!P=#L^)#(S+C$@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N



M9RUT;W`Z


T1F;VYT


#`U
SEB.V9O

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O


M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M861D:6YG/3-$

M;'DZ5&EM97

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^

P
#4S





3!P=#L^)B

#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC

M

M
#`U





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
M





3!P=#L^)B

#L\

T0G=F5R






#`U





3

M;&4]

7!X

V8Q.W!A9&1I



#`U
M


C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


3



M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^1&ES8V]U;G0@



M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E







M/3-$





M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E







M





M



M+C



M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXE/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D











M


M;VTZ





CL\+V9O







M;VTZ

V8Q



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




#`U

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



M.CAP=#L^
RXP+3

P





M+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M



T0Q



P
#4S.6([)R!R;W=S




3!P=#L^)B



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`U






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


P
#4S.6([)R!R




3!P=#L^)B



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



M9RUT;W`Z


#`U



M=#L^


3
\

T0G=F5R


P



T1F




M;&4]

7!X

P

3X\9&EV('-T



#$S




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

F4Z.'!T.SY$:7-C;W5N=!R871E)B
X
C$R.V9U;F1E9!P;&%N/]F


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



M;&4]

M






M9RUT;W`Z


M

T1F
F4Z.'!T.SXT+C0\+V9O;G0^/]D
M:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]





G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

F4Z.'!T
M.SY$:7-C;W5N=!R871E)B
X



M9RUT;W`Z


M

T1F
F4Z.'!T.SXT+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D
M:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]





G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

M+6-O;&]R.B-E




M



T1V97)T

V8Q.R!R




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



X
M



2!C;VQS




M




M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z





2!C;VQS









T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

RXP+3
N.4\+V9O;G0^/]D


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,RXP+3,N.4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT








T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M

G!X('-O;&ED






T0G

G!X('-O;&ED


M:'0Z



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS



#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


T1F;VYT










Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
M

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

F4Z.'!T.SXE/]F


#`U



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L




Y8CMP

M;VTZ

F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/B4\+V9O;G0^/]D

T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N







X







'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[/B0Q





C`Q
RP@


'!T.SX@=V%S('!A:60@9G)O

C`Q
R!W



3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P
#`P.SXD
34N

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\9&EV
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[;&EN




3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ
#`E

M='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.24@



Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\






M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


Y
M8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E


P


G!X.W!A




P


30\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC


R!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$







M
#`U

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q



P






C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

M





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

C`N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\







G!X.W!A9&1I







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-RXX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^



\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A

M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



M.SXS




M93HQ








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A

M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W`Z



B!S

M.B-E

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ









2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N

M

M

M86X]




T1V








T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('-T

M(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT




G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R







2!C;VQS


B!S

G!X

M




T1V97)T


M



M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



T1F







M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


G!X

F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



M



T1F










T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M;&4]




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]




M



M93HQ


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


T0R

M;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
3$N.#PO9F]N=#X\


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


M




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
3@N
3PO9F]N=#X\

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



3X\9&EV('-T


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,RXU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M

M;&]R.B-E






CL\+V9O



2!C;VQS




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L

X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T0R

M;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M






M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A


M



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



#`U

M

#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P


M
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

Y8CMP


M
F4Z.'!T.SX\

P
#4S.6([

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





P

2!C;VQS




Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

P
#4S.6([)R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[



#`U


P
#4S.6([

P





M(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


Y8CLG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`U


Y8CLG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

3`N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




P
#4S.6([)R!R;W=S




SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]










38P.S

M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T1P861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




@3F5W

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M-#0E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

T0Q



T0Q)2!R



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q)2!R;W=S



P

M


3!P
M=#L^)B


#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ;6ED9&QE



#`U




P

M






#`U

M9RUT;W`Z


#`U



P


Y
M8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


P
#4S.6([8F%C:V=R

R!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

M


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[



G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SY96YE9FET(&]B;&EG871I;VX@

M;&4]






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD






M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


M;&4]





M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3MP861D:6YG


2!C;VQS





M



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N









M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



M;&4]





M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



M;&4]








M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



3X\9&EV('-T


Q+C$\



2!C




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
S$N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





G!X.R!R;W=S



T1V





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M





M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



M;&4]







&4S
M9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



M.SXH-C
N






'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]









M



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E






G!X



M;&4]






M

M;&]R.B-E










M/3-$


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N







M9&EN9RUT;W`Z









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






G!X.W!A9&1I






M.SXH





T1F;VYT+69A

T1F;VYT

T1F;VYT+69A




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^




M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




T1F;VYT

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG









M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@



X
M

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



P


3X\9&EV


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B-E

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD

F4Z.'!T.SXI
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#`U

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#(N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




M;VTZ




M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





M;VTZ

V8Q

M/3-$





#`U

3LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N

T1F



#`U
SEB



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM













M

#0N.3PO9F]N




R!S='EL

G!X.W!A



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




T0S



'0M86QI


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T


M='
@870@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&]F('EE87(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



M=#L^-34R+C

T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.R!R;W=S




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT








&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3MP861D


2!C






M


G!X












M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^.#0N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z







Q+C0\+V9O



T1F;VYT+69A




G!X.R!R




M


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

T0Q



M=#L^
3(N

M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M









'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

















M:'0Z




M/3-$

M+6-O;&]R.B-E






CL\



2!C




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#8S+C









M



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
F4Z.'!T.SY96YE9FET

M86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#(T+C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^







M.'!T.SXH









2!C;VQS


B!S

G!X

M














3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI


G!X



3X\




M(S@R






CL\



T0R('-T

M(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT




G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R







T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




@870@96YD(&]F('EE87(\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#4S.6([8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M

7!X('-O


M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M;&4]

P
#4S.6([8F]R9&5R+71O

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M




P


3X\9&EV('-T


P-2XS

P
#4S

M;W1T;VTZ



P

M/3-$



P
#4S






M(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

G!X('-O;&ED(,P,#4S.6([8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC







3PO9F]N=#X\




T1F



#`U
SEB







Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





3X\9&EV('-T




T0G=F5R




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



@:6X@=VAI8V@@86-C
M=6UU;&%T960@8F5N969I=!O8FQI9V%T:6]N(&5X8V5E9&5D('!L86X@87-S
M971S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^06-C=6UU;&%T960@8F5N


M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T





2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F







M;&4]


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





#`U

M=#HU



3X\9&EV


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B-E

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT


#`U

M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

M-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R




#`U

G!X.W!A


T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M




M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O


'!T.SY);F-L

2XS(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O


3!P=#L^

'!T

M.FYO;F4[/C(P
3







#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#@V


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
M

M;&4]


M
#`P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R



#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]V
M96UB97(@
S`L(#(P

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR,#$S/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT




M/D%M;W5N='


T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ







3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M93IC;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@




T0Q


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



P



G!X('-O;&ED

F4Z.'!T.SY5;FET960@4W1A=&5S/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB



#`U




M-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N
M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*&UI;&QI;VYS*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C

R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B-E

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M.CAP=#L^

F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]


#`U

M93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\



M.SXR



3






M93HQ


T1F;VYT+69A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



M








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W`Z






3L@




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]





6QE/3-$

M



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.W!A9&1I



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


T0R('-T






3X\9&EV



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



3X\9&EV('-T


\



2!C




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
34N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#4S.6([

M;VTZ





M-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E




M(S`P-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

Y8CMP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M;VTZ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M



M86X]


#`U

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q



M=#L^-S0N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A


3!P





@;F\@87-S=6UP


M


#`P
M




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P


M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M
C`Q

M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

@87)E('1O('!R



M=&\@=7




@:6YC;'5D92!M=71U86PL(&-O+6UI;F=L960@86YD(&]T:&5R(&9U





M8V4@:7

M;&%N)B
X
C$W.W


'!T.SY/=7(@86QL
M;V-A=&EO;G
@;V8@52Y3+B!P96YS:6]N('!L86X@87-S971S(&%S(&]F(#PO

M=F5M8F5R(#

'!T.SXL


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M





3!P=#MW
M:61T:#HQ

M.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0W(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^

T0Q



M


#`U




#`U
SEB



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B

M

M9G0Z


Y8CLG
M(')O=W-P86X]



P



M




M
#`U

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T1F;VYT



3
\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC



M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-S`N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-E

G!X.W!A




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T












M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N
M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^1FEX960@:6YC;VUE('-E8W5R:71I97,\+V9O;G0^/]D





M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\


M;VTZ




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^


M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



M:7IE.CAP=#L^
30N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M
#`U




3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)3PO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

Y8CMP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z












#`U

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z.'!T.SXQ,#`N
M,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

Y8CMB86-K
M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



M
#`U

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



3`P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


T1F


P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M





#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]V96UB
M97(@
S`L(#(P



'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR,#$S/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T



T0G9F]N


T0Q



3X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


P
#4S.6([)R!R




3!P=#L^)B



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P

M









#`U



C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT



T0G=F5R=&EC







T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

P


G!X.W!A


6QE/3-$
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\


G!X



3X\

M;&4]






M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[
M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

N


T1F

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M







G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



M;W`Z





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



M





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T1F;VYT
F4Z.'!T.SXP+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^
M/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]



M93!E




3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)3PO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

Y8CMP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z





SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M

7!X('-O




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N

#`U




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD

F4Z.'!T.SY4
M;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

Y8CMB
M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E




F4Z.'!T.SXQ,#`N,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT
F4Z.'!T.SXE/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`U

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


M;&4]

G!X




P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXE/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^





M('!L86X@87-S971S(&%T('1H96ER(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@87

M


#`P
M




2!C



2!C;VQS


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


P
#4S.6([8F%C:V=R


Y8CL^07
@;V8@3F]V96UB97(@
S`L(#(P
M


#`U

3MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@




Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B-E

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ





Y
M8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M:'0Z

P
#4S

M;&4]

P
M
#4S.6([=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([/E1O=&%L/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD


#`U


#`U


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD
M+6-O;&]R.B-E






#`U
SEB.SY

P
#4S.6([


Y8CL^3&5V96PF(S$V
M



M.B-E

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[


T1F;VYT

P
#4S.6([/B0\




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




#`U



M93-F


M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]






F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[8V]L;W(Z(S`P-3,Y
M8CL^17%U:71Y('-E8W5R:71I97,Z/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




#`U
SEB.SY5+E





M
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`U
SEB.SXS
#$N
#PO


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M

M86X]




#`U
SEB.SXQ-#0N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

M;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M93-F



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M

M


#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L

P
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.C$R,4[9F]N=US:7IE.C9P=#XH8BD\+W-U<#X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^





P
#4S.6([/C$Q


M;&4]

P
M
#4S.6([/C$Q

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

P
#4S.6([/B8C.#(Q
CL\



2!C




M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X.R!R;W=S



Y8CL^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

P





M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



G!X.R!R







M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P-3

M9'




#`U

M86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C9P=#XH

M;&4]

M93!E

G!X.W!A9&1I







M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M93-F



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M;&4]

M93!E

G!X.W!A9&1I









M;&EG;CIT;W`[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



M;W`Z






M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

#`U


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#4S.6([/CQS



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[
M8V]L;W(Z(S`P-3
Y8CL^


T0R('-T

M(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


#`U
SEB.SXR




P
#4S.6([/B8C.#(Q




M


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[
M8V]L;W(Z(S`P-3
Y8CL^)B
X



#`U
SEB.SY)


C`E

M(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD




#`U

M

M





B!S='EL

M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



Y8CL^)B
X
M

M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

#`U




3X\



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[8V]L
M;W(Z(S`P-3
Y8CL^)B
X





P


R!S

M.B-E

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M/3-$

M+6-O;&]R.B-E



G!X.R!R;W=S


M93HQ

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

P
#4S.6([/DAE9&=E(&9U





T0R('-T

M(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


#`U
SEB.SXU








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^






F4Z.'!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([/B8C.#(Q,CL\+V9O;G0^/]D


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L

T1F

P
#4S.6([




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




#`U
SEB.SXU-XW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M;W(Z(V4P93-F



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


G!X.W!A


P
#4S.6([=&5X


Y8CL^



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE








M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





F4Z
M.'!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([/C4N,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



#`U

3MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


#`U

G!X

&4S9C$[

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


P

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[8F]R

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

P
#4S.6([/B0\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

G!X('-O;&ED(,P,#4S.6([8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

#`U
SEB.SXS
C8N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



#`U



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

P
#4S.6([



Y8CMB86-K
M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M.V-O;&]R.B
P

M

G!X('-O



M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M
#`U

'!X.VQI

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A



T0U


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]
T0Q


Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


G!X



#`U



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



M9RUT;W`Z

#`U



#`U
SEB.SY)



#`U

3MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U

M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




Y8CMT97AT+6%L:6=N

P

T1F;VYT

P
#4S.6([/F9A
F4Z.'!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([
M/G9A;'5E/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U

3MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




M

P
#4S
M.6([/DQE=F5L)B
Q-C`[

38P.S(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#4S.6([8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


G!X

M86X]




M

P
#4S

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

P
#4S.6([/C`N-CPO9F]N





M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M93HQ



M+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V

V8Q



M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&-O;&]R.B
P


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE








M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

P
#4S.6([/C$W






P
#4S.6([/B8C.#(Q
CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




3X\9&EV

M;&]R.B-E




M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I


@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#



M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R



M;W`Z


P
M


'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M



Y8CL^
3`X+C4\+V9O;G0^




M/3-$


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M


Y8CL^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


#`U
M
SEB.SXQ
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`U
SEB.SXF(S@R




#`U
SEB

M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

T0Q




#`U
SEB.SXR

T1F

P
#4S.6([
M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.R!R;W=S





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M



Y8CL^
C
N-3PO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




#`U
SEB.SXF(S@R

P


Y8CL^
M5&]T86P@:6YV97-T;65N='

M

G!X('-O


Y8CL^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#4S.6([/C

P



M;W(Z(V4P93-F

#`U




Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O
M;&]R.B-E



#`U


F4Z.'!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([/C`N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
M

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



T1F

P
#4S.6([

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




Y8CLG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`U
SEB.SXS
#0N-SPO



#`U
SEB

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD




#`U
SEB.SXF(S@R




M;CTS1#$S(')O=W-P86X]

T0Q
M

T0Q



T0Q)2!R



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P




!S





T1T

M96YT97([/F9A:7(F(S$V
#LF(S$V

P







M=F5L)B
Q-C`[

F4Z.'!T.SY,979E;8C
38P.S
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\










M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



M(S@R



M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M=#L^17%U:71Y('-E8W5R:71I97



G!X.R!R








M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R



3!P=#L^


M.SY5+E

3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

CDN-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ






2!C



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O


3-P



2!S96-U


M;W`[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M.'!T.SXQ


G!X



CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I










M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



T1V97)T




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M





38P



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD





G!X.R!R;W=S



T1V


M(&-O;'-P86X]




F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N



G!X






M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
CDN
SPO9F]N=#X\



3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/B8C
M.#(Q



M



6QE/3-$


M


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




M86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C9P=#XH92D\

M


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R






M


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D







CL\+V9O



M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^26YS=7)A;F-E(&-O;G1R






#PO9F]N



3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[
M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A


M86X]





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T







T1V97)T:6-A




M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B


G!X





38P.SPO


3(P








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



M(S@R









T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V

M;F1E;G0Z


T1F;VYT



T1V97)T:6-A




T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^




M93HQ


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T



T1F


Y8CMP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


#`U


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


M;&4]

G!X


#`U
SEB.W!A



#`U



P



#`U


F4Z.'!T.SXS-3`N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL



#`U




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P

M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[
M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P-3

G!X


!S

P
#4S.6([)R!R





Y8CMP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


#`U


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

C




M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

P



M:'0Z



@;V8@3F]V96UB97(@
S`L(#(P
3
\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC


P




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


Y8CMP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
M



P



M


P
#4S

M;W1T;VTZ







Y
M8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV




P








Q-C`[
SPO












T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]










T1V97)T:6-A


M86X]




F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



G!X.R!R;W=S





M;W1T;VTZ



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T






T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A









M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


X
C$R



M




T0S('-T






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



R!S

G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z






M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE



M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R








M86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C9P=#XH9BD\

M


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M
#`U

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`U




#`U

G!X.W!A

#`U
SEB


P

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`U





#`U



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED

P
#4S.6([


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ





M
#`U



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T0G=F5R


P
#4S.6([)R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O


M;W1T;VTZ





#`U





M;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R


#`U



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^
M/]D:78^/]D:78^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!F


T1W:61T:#HR-G!X.R!R






3X\9&EV

3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N

M;&4]


M



M96EG:'0Z


6QE/3-$
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP









M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





@9G5N9'

N(&=O=F5R;FUE;G0@





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]










3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

2!C


3(P)3MF;VYT
6QE/3-$9F]N

M





3X\+W1D/CPO='(^

M


3(P)3MF
6QE/3-$

M;&4]







4[
M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M.C$R



@:&5D9V4@9G5N9'
@:6YV97-T:6YG(&EN('-T



M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97





M





M

M9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M

M9RUT;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




P


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



M9RUT;W`Z


#`U

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&-O;&]R.B
P



P

M;W(Z(S`P-3


P

M

Y8CMT97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E

M.B
P
#4S.6([=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&9O


M;&]R.B
P
#4S.6([=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([/F=A:6YS/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB.V)A

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q





M(S`P-3

T1F;VYT

P
#4S.6([/G!U

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

P



#`U

3MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


Y8CLG
M(')O=W-P86X]


#`U



#`U
SEB.W1E

#MO9CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV





M-3
Y8CL^2&5D9V4@9G5N9'

M


M-3




P
#4S.6([/C$X+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


M
#`U



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


M(S`P-3



P





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F




&4S9C$[



F4Z.'!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([/C,V+C0\+V9O;G0^/]D


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




3X\
6QE/3-$

M


M/3-$



Y8CL^-30N-SPO9F]N=#X\



T1F;VYT

P
#4S.6([/E!R








M.'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#4S.6([/C`N


T0R

M;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


#`U
SEB
M.SXH


#`U




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


P


3X\



Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P

2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N



#`U

M


M;W`Z
F4Z.'!T

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[8F]R

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

P
#4S.6([/B0\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

G!X('-O;&ED(,P,#4S.6([8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

#`U




M93!E








#`U
SEB

P
#4S.6([)R!R




Y8CL^*#$N-3PO



M-3
Y8CL^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A


M



#`U


P





M-3
Y8CL^
S4N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



#`U

G!X

&4S9C$[

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


P



#`U

3MB;W)D

#`U


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
'!X

M;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P


T1F;VYT+69A




T1T




Y
M8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

T1T97AT+6%L




T0G=F5R


P



T1F

M=&5R.SY%;F0F(S$V


T1F



M9RUT;W`Z







F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z





M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



M=#L^



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA








G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI

M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



M



M:'0Z






M




G!X.R!R




M;VTZ














G!X



P









M;VTZ

P


3X\9&EV('-T
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

Y8CMP861D:6YG+71O


7!X('-O;&ED

P
#4S.6([8F]R9&5R+71O

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M





#`U

M

M
#`U

F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D

P

G!X

#`U
M

F4Z.'!T.SXQ+C0\+V9O;G0^/]D

P


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^






T1F;VYT





M

G!X('-O





P
#4S.6([)R!R





M92UH96EG:'0Z


'!T

X
M

@:7


M;F1S)B
X

@:7



F(S@R

M(#


M96YT(&%C8V]U;G1A;G0L('=H:6-H(&ES('!R;W9I9&5D('1O('1H92!I;F1E

'!T.SY%




3!P=#MC

#`P

S
N


M





'!T.SX@;V8@=&]T86P@52Y3+B!P96YS:6]N('!L86X@



'!T.SX@*#PO9F]N=#X\




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]V96UB97(@
S`L
M(#(P





M96QY+B!$:79I9&5N9'






M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0[/B!I;B`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P



M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M;&4]
T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:6YG/3-$

M5&EM97

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M=VED=&@]
T0X






#`U

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`U



P


G!X.W!A9&1I



F4Z.'!T.SY5;FET960F(S$V,#M3=&%T97,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


M=#L^97AP96-T960F(S$V




M



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M






T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$V/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M



6QE/3-$


M

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD

F4Z.'!T.SXR
M,#$W/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9RUT;W`Z








G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T
F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$X/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG








6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




C`R
M
TR,#(T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U

G!X


M

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
3DU+C0\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T




M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

'!T.SY)


M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


'!T.W=I9'1H
M.C$P





3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M=#L^




6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T








M



M/C(P

M





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]



M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
C`Q.#PO9F]N=#X\




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T


C`Q.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M
C`M

P

M/3-$




M:'0Z


'!T.SX\9F]N


'!T.SY&


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P

M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXQ




3!P

#`P


'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR)3PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

'!T.SX@;V8@=&AE

X
C$W.W

M86ME(&-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;G

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0[8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E




M

#`P

#$T
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0[8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q


'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P



#$H


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M


M/B!S:&%R97


'!T.SXL(&%T(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

P


M.FYO;F4[/C(P








M;&4]


M
#`U






3!P=#MC

#`P


T1F;VYT+69A


#`P





@:&ER960@869T97(@1&5C96UB97(F
M(S$V
#LS
2P@

M93HQ

T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ







3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M93IC;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q




T0Q)2!R



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q)2!R;W=S





M.SXH;6EL;&EO;G


30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#4S.6([






G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,RXV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^



\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z











T1F








M;W1T;VTZ





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#0N
#PO9F]N=#X\

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I





&4S9C$[
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N






T0R






M

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

T0Q



M=#L^)B
X



M;W`Z







M

M

M86X]



M:7IE.CAP=#L^*#`N







P



M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F

#`U



P


#`U
SEB


#`U



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED

P
#4S.6([


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ





M
#`U



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T0G=F5R


P
#4S.6([)R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O


M;W1T;VTZ





#`U
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E




M


3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0W(')O=W-P
M86X]

T0Q


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


P
#4S

M;W1T;VTZ


G!X('-O



P
#4S.6([






G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SY96YE9FET(&]B;&EG871I;VX@870@

M






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@








F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M9RUT;W`Z




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




T1F;VYT+69A


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT




M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M/3-$





M;W`Z


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

T0R('-T

M(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^


M






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X



M;&4]

M93!E



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


M;&4]



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[

M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O




M


T1V97)T:6-A


T1V




T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


G!X.W!A

F4Z.'!T.SXP+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^





M



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M



G!X



M;W`Z



M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#(N,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M

G!X.W!A9&1I







\+V9O












M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M

G!X.W!A9&1I







P
#4S.6([








M93!E








M-3

#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^






T0S('-T






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

T0Q



M=#L^)B
X



M;W`Z








CAP










M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

M;&4]




2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




'!T.SX\9F]N





M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




T1F;VYT
F4Z.'!T.SXR+CD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^
M/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F


M:7IE.CAP=#L^0F5N969I='

T1F



#`U

M;W(Z(V4P93-F





P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






@870@96YD(&]F('EE87(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



M


M;&4]


X
C$R

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



P


3X\9&EV('-T



Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X




#`U

M

&4S





Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
M


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M1&YO;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\





#`U
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


'!T.W=I9'1H
M.C$P


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#4S






M

7!X('-O

P



M;&4]
F4Z.'!T.SY2971I<F5E
M)B

T1F;VYT+69A


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




M.SXR



T1F;VYT+69A


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT




F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M













38\+V9O;G0^





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT



C`Q-SPO







B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q



M=#L^






M

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD

F4Z.'!T.SXR
M,#$X/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9RUT;W`Z


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L




T1V97)T


M;'-P86X]





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]











M



G!X.R!R





M;VTZ



3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


P


G!X.W!A




B!S='EL


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T








Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,S4N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



6QE




3

T1F;VYT


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A


'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



M






#`P

M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR



M
#`P


#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M
C`R



3-D.#!F
%\S-6
U7S0U
#E?8C-A
5]A
M
C
V
6
R93
X96








3XQ
B!-;VYT
M:'








M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




5%!0*2`H9F]R;65R;'D@:VYO=VX@87
@



#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q-#PO


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M;&4]


M
#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N
M=US:7IE.C$P<'0[8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P



M



#`P
#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]V96UB97(@
S`L(#(P
30\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


3!P=#L^('=A




#`P

M.SXD


#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ
M;F]N93L^


#$T+!W92!H879E(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M

'!T.SXU+C@@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\

5%!0(&%W

M96EG:'0Z


'!T.SX\









M;B`R





M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

38P.S
P(&9O;&QO=W
Z


M


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


P


G!X.W!A




M9'


M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P
#4S.6([






Y8CMP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





M;W1T;VTZ

M



T0Q/CQD



R!S='EL


Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X


6QE
M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^5V5I9VAT960M
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B


M9V4F(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V

P


G!X.W!A9&1I











6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC96YT

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD

F4Z.'!T.SY

M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







6QE/3-$

M



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V








M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



M
C






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M
#L@<F]W






T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.R!R;W=S





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M





2!C;VQS



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




T1F;VYT

3

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

F4Z.'!T.SXU-XS
#PO



G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^5F5S=&5D/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

6QE/3-$

M



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




G!X





3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C4P






2!C;VQS


B!S

G!X

M




T1V97)T


T1F;VYT


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#4S.6([8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



G!X.W!A

M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[

M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S

M;W1T;VTZ








#`U





6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z





P



F4Z.'!T
M.SXH-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

Y8CMP

M;VTZ

F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/BD\+V9O;G0^/]D

P


M

F4Z.'!T.SXT-RXX.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T


#`U

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T
65A<CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E





P

P
#4S

M;W1T;VTZ

3LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


#`U

3MP861D:6YG




M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M/3-$




Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z





3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




#`U

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



M
#`U





P





P


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

Y8CMP861D



F4Z.'!T.SXT.2XV-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M(&=R86YT960@:6X@



#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^=&AR964\






M;V0N(%!R:6]R('1O(#(P
30L('-U8G-T86YT:6%L;'D@86QL(&]F('1H92!O






M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T1F

3!P=#L^5&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L
M=64@;V8@=&AE(&]P=&EO;G
@:7
@97-T:6UA=&5D('=I=&@@82!L871T:6-E


M;VYS(&EN('1H92!T86)L92!B96QO=RX@5V4@8F5L:65V92!T:&4@;&%T=&EC

@:6X@8V5R=&%I;B!A


M('-T;V-K+B!792!A;'-O('5S92!H:7-T;W)I8V%L(&1A=&$@=&\@97-T:6UA

@




M=&4@:7

M:6X@969F96-T(&%T('1H92!T:6UE(&]F(&=R86YT+B!#;VUP96YS871I;VX@




'!T.SY4

M86QL(&]P=&EO;G


#`P
M

M;&4]

'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD.2XT
M-SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M









M;&4]


M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M861D:6YG/3-$

M;'DZ5&EM97

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M=&0@=VED=&@]

M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q


3X\+W1D/CQT





P

M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ


M;VTZ

F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R


#`U


Y8CLG(')O=W-P
M86X]





M:'0Z





3MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
XQ(T@
BXW)3PO












M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



M
XQ(T@


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T

T1F;VYT
F4Z.'!T.SXR+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^
M/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



M


M







3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[
M/C(N







3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O




2!C









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M

G!X('-O;&ED



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


#`U



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^

M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

@8GD@





@96YD960@3F]V96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
F4Z,3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A9&1I;F<M;&5F=#HP<'@[=&5X
M=UI;F1E;G0Z

M





T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



M



3X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


P
#4S.6([)R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI

P
M

M-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


Y8CLG(')O
M=W-P86X]



P



G!X
F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO

M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[

M;VTZ




!S;VQI

#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


B!S='EL


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z








M;CTS1#


M;W1T;VTZ


T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




M
#`U

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q








M;&4]








3MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-XV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q





T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.R!R;W=S




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

6QE/3-$=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ





M86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-#`N,#8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



M;&4]





G!X









M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[
M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^1W)A;G1E9#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-E

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C$N
M

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M

M





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



M=#L^



3X\9&EV('-T


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

M







T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



T1F
F4Z.'!T.SXU-XR-SPO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3L@



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E




F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/BD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^






G!X.W!A





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD

F4Z.'!T.SXI
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M;W`Z

F4Z.'!T.SXS-XQ
M




M/3-$


T1V97)T


M;&4]




3X\9&EV


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^1F]R9F5I=&5D/]F;VYT/CPO


#`U

M;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



G!X.W!A

M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[

M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S

M;W1T;VTZ



Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
M





M-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\9&EV('-T



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


T1F;VYT


P


3X\9&EV



Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M



T0G=F5R




P
#4S.6([)R!R




Y
M8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


P


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T






#`U

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M
#`U



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]



M



M


#`U
SEB.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT



P


G!X



T1F;VYT

M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



M;VTZ

V8Q



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM








3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V






Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIR



#`U


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ




T0G

G!X('-O;&ED










M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


2XP(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O


3!P=#L^




@=V5R92!N;W0@;6%T


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]V96UB97(@
M
S`L(#(P





M93HQ


M


'!T.SXL




3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P

P@
M,C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O






M=VED=&@]
T0Q

M:61T:#TS1#DE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$




M


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

P




P


Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O
M;&]R.B-E









B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

Y8CMB86-K
M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



G!X














T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#4S.6([8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


G!X

M86X]




M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X.W!A





M=UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([/F%V97)A9V4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL




P


'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.SYA=F5R86=E)B,Q-C`[
M)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

M:7-E)B
Q-C`[)B




C`N
#`@+2`D-#`N



M9RUT;W`Z









#`U
SEB


M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^






M93-F



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.W!A9&1I






'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F










3MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^

M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-BXX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@






M



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



2!C






3MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



B!S='EL93TS

&4S

M;W1T;VTZ




XP,2`M(0X

M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



2!C;VQS




3MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E

&4S9C$[

M;VTZ




M;&4]




2!C;VQS



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



G!X.R!R



T1F;VYT+69A







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


#`U
SEB

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[

M;VTZ



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[8F]R

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






7!X('-O





M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[8F]R

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,BXX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`U

M

#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

G!X('-O;&ED(,P,#4S.6([8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


G!X.W!A


#`U







P
#4S.6([)R!R;W=S





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N



M;&4]


M
#`U










@





#`P



T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


M

'!X.SX\=&%B


!S='EL93TS1=F


M=&0@=VED=&@]

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\


3X\


3X\




M


M

T1F;VYT


M

7!X('-O





#`U



M


3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P



M;&4]



#`U
SEB



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


P








#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB



T0Q/CQD:78@



F4Z.'!T.SYA=F5R86=E/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD





#`U

G!X

M86X]



M/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I







M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




M.SXS



M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





2XW
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M;&4]



M-BXV



2!C;VQS






M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I
M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C0T



M

M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,3`U/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

M(V4P93-F



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


G!X.W!A


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ












B!S

G!X

M




T1V97)T











'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



M(S@R



M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M.CAP=#L^4&5R9F]R;6%N8V4@861J=7-T;65N=#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E









M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



M





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M






Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O
M;&]R.B-E

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

F4Z.'!T
M.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U

3MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z







#`U



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




#`U

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



M:7IE.CAP=#L^)B
X


M


#`U

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD



M)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A


M='-T86YD:6YG)B
X
C$R.V5N9!O9B!Y96%R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`U

M
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


Y8CLG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

C


P



M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F

#`U



P

P
#4S

P


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


Y
M8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
S

P


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


Y
M8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`U


Y8CLG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L







#`U

G!X.W!A

#`U
SEB



P

M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R





M;W1T;VTZ

T1F;VYT+69A

SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]D
3-D.#!F
%\S-6
U7S0U
#E?8C-A
5]A
C
V
6
R
M93
X96


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q






]


]



]


M;F-O;64@5&%X97

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M





M=&%X97


T0G9F]N



T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


3X\+W1D


#`U




#`U




P
#4S.6([8F%C:V=R

R!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

M

P
#4S

M;W1T;VTZ


G!X('-O

F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[








M:'0Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T1F;VYT













T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M

M;&]R.B-E






\+V9O;G0^




M/3-$


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

3`N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



&4S
M9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



M.SXT



M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C8N,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




P

M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH

#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#4S.6([8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


G!X

#`U
M

F4Z.'!T.SXQ,SDN.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M.SXQ-#@N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A


P


M




#`U
M










M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD




M93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L



G!X



M;&4]





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


B!S='EL

M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;'-P86X]









M










M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



T1F;VYT+69A

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



#`U

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`U




M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-BXQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`U

3MB;W)D

#`U


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P

3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/B@Q



T1F



#`U

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N



&5S


M:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
#4S


P





P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
3

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O






T1F

SDN.#PO9F]N=#X\


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



'!X

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT



T0V



3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
#4S.6([)R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

Y8CMB86-K9W)O
M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



G!X.V)O

F4Z.'!T.SXR
M,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U

G!X.W!A


#`U

6QE
M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
C`Q
SPO9F]N










M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[







T1V97)T





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
S
S+C(\+V9O



2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



M.CAP=#L^

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]



T1V97)T

V8Q.W!A




M;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R






M;VTZ






T1F;VYT

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\








#`U

M

M
#`U

F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D

P

G!X

#`U
M

F4Z.'!T.SXT.3DN-#PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

Y8CMB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P

#`U


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]

G!X

P
M











#`U

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N




'!T.SY!(')E8V]N8VEL:6%T:6]N(&]F('1H
M92!5+E


M9'1H/3-$-C`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M=&@]



M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

6QE/3-$
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\

B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ


M;VTZ


C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D






T1F;VYT


T1F

T1F


M

M



G!X.W!A



M

\+V9O;G0^




M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O











M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
!A=!D:69F
M97)E;G0@969F96-T:79E(')A=&5S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

M(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



M











M



M;&4]




M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^52Y3+B!T87@@




M9RUT;W`Z







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z





M:'0Z





&4S

M;W1T;VTZ








G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


M9RUT;W`Z

6QE/3-$

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]








T1F;VYT+69A

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





T1F
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.G1O

#`U




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



#`U
SEB

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M









P



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


#`U

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



M=#L^


#`U
SEB



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G






P


Q

P



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V,#LE/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`U

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O




M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M


M=VED=&@Z

3X\+W1D

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M


#`U




#`U
SEB


P
#4S.6([

R!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIM:61D;&4[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@





G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X





38P.SPO














T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\











M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X.R!R;W=S



T1V

V8Q




B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD



M
C




3PO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS<&%N/3-$

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M




T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO






M

M

M86X]



M:7IE.CAP=#L^
3$N







M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M/3-$



T1V97)T

V8Q.R!R




B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/D]T:&5R/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



#`U





6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI


M-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E




M(S`P-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U



M86X]




T0G

7!X('-O;&ED





#`U
SEB



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S

M;W1T;VTZ



Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
M





B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T



#`U




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A





M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]






M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


#`U



M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I

P


M


#`U

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD




P
#4S

M;W1T;VTZ







T0R


#`U

M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@



C
P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




M/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T




P



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N

#`U
SEB.V)A8VMG


M;W1T;VTZ

F4Z.'!T.SXH,S$N-CPO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

Y8CMB86-K9W)O
M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I

#`U
M



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT


#`U



M/3-$



M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL

'!T



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P





M



'!T.SX@9G)O;2`R

M9V@@



'!T.SX@;6%Y(&)E(&-A


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[=&5X



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[=&5X


'!T.SXN($%L

M




M

T1F;VYT+69A


#`P

M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD

M;&4]






#`P

M;VYE.SXR



#`P
#MT

'!T.SX@









#`P
#MT97AT

M='


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




@=V5R92`\+V9O;G0^/&9O


3!P=#MC

#`P

2XR-2!B:6QL


T1F;VYT+69A


#`P



'!T.SXN

@86YD('=I


@:6YV;VQV960@

M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

3!P=#L^5&AE('1O=&%L(&%M;W5N=!O9B!U
M;G)E8V]G;FEZ960@=&%X(&)E;F5F:71S(&%S(&]F(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S

'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P

M


#`P
#MT97AT
M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]V96UB97(@
S`L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/&9O


3!P=#L^



'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N






M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

3!P=#L^5&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!T86)L92!S


@96YD960@
M3F]V96UB97(@


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@




T0Q



M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

F4Z.'!T
M.SXH;6EL;&EO;G,I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0S


#`U

3MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

P


G!X.W!A



F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]


#`U




#`U



M:7IE.CAP=#L^
C`Q

T1F


M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T





2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I
M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C
S





\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A

M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



M.SXQ



3X\9&EV('-T


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$







@



T1F;VYT

T1F;VYT+69A

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL






M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^4V5T=&QE;65N='
\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.W!A9&1I



F4Z.'!T.SXH,RXU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

M(V4P93-F

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


X
C$R



M/3-$



T1V


M871U=&4@97AP:7)A=&EO;G




M



M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#`N,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[

M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M









#`U

3MP861D:6YG

G!X


P






#`U




M

B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





CPO9F]N=#X\




P



M(V4P93-F
3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO


#`U

M;W(Z(V4P93-F

G!X




#`U

M(V4P93-F
3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I

P





M(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

Y8CMP861D:6YG


6QE/3-$

#`U



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^

M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
F4Z,3!P=#L^5V4@<F5C;W)D(&EN=&5R97-T(&%N9!P96YA
M;'1I97



T1F


T1F;VYT+69A


#`P

M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD

M;&4]









#`P

M




'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P





#`P




3!P=#L^+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DL(&]F(&EN=&5R
M97-T(&%N9!P96YA;'1I97
F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O



M979E('1H870@:70@:7

!B96YE9FET<R!A<R!O



'!T.SXD

M;&4]

3!P=#L^(&EN('1H

M=&QE;65N='



M=61I='



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





M



M92!5+E



M;&4Z+R\O0SHO9#$S9#@P9C!?
S5C-5\T-3`Y7V(S83%?83(S-C%C
F4S.&5C

O4VAE970R
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7


]

]

MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S,P@


]



M86UI;'DZ5&EM97


M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M93HQ


T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ







3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M;VQL87!S93IC;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0W(')O=W-P86X]

M
T0Q






#`U

M;W`Z


#`U



P

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

Y8CMP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

P


G!X.W!A






X




M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R






G!X



3X\
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M169F96-T(&]F(&1I;'5T:79E('-E8W5R:71I97,Z/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





M;W`Z










M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



M.CAP=#L^

'!T.SX\9F]N






CMD

P
#4S.6([

P





M(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


Y8CLG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

3






#`U

G!X.W!A

#`U
SEB




#`U


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


@96YD960@3F]V96UB97(@


M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
'!X

M;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

T0V



M


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


P
#4S

M;W1T;VTZ


G!X('-O



P
#4S.6([





M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



P
M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ






#`U

M;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



M=%]D
3-D.#!F
%\S-6
U7S0U
#E?8C-A
5]A
C
V
6
R93
X96










]
T1R

]

]








#`U
SEB.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[

'!T.SX\

2D@=&AE('9O=&EN9R!R:6=H='



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[=&5X


'!T.SX@;V8@=&AE('9O=&5S




@;V8@

M
BDF(S$V
#MW92!H879E('1H92!R:6=H=!T;R!R961E96T@86YY(&]R(&%L
M;!S:&%R97



3!P=#L^
M(&]F('1H92!O=71S=&%N9&EN9R!S:&%R97




3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P


M:&%R97

M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R













3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S




T1T;W`^0V]M;6ET;65N='
@
M06YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M
F4Z,3!P=#MC;VQO<CHC
M,#`U,SEB.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D-/34U)5$U%3E13($%.1!#3TY4



L('=E(&%R


@:7





#`P

M;CIN;VYE.SXR


@87)E(&5S=&%B;&ES:&5D(&9O




@
M:7




M:&%T('1H92!L:6ME;&EH;V]D('1H870@86YY('-U8V@@97AC97-S(&UI9VAT

M:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@:7


V0X
M
&8P7S
U8S5?-#4P.5]B
V$Q7V$R
S8Q8S)E






]

T1)1#!%344^


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S`L(#(P







'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#4S.6([9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^0E5324Y%4U,@4T5'345.
M5%,@04Y$($=%3T=205!(24,@05)%05,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ







X
C(Q.RP@)B
X
C(P.U-I

X
C(Q.RP@)B
X
C(P.U1H86D@2VET8VAE;B8C.#(R
3LL
M(8C.#(R,#M$=6-R;W,F(S@R,C$[+`F(S@R
C`[5F%H:6XF(S(S
SLF(S@R
M
C$[+`F(S@R,C`[4V-H=V%R='HF(S@R,C$[+`F(S@R
C`[0VQU8B!(;W5S
M928C.#(R

#M+;VAI;F]O



M:6-E(&EN9'5S=')Y(&)O=&@@9&ER96-T;'D@86YD(&EN9&ER96-T;'D@=&AR

T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


@=&\@8F4@9F%I



M9B!T:&5S92!I;F1I=FED=6%L('!R;V1U8W0@;&EN97



@;VX@=F]L=6YT87)Y('!E;G-I;VX@










3!P=#L^
3$E


M/C(P



F4Z,3!P=#L^,3(E/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T





3!P=#L^



T1F



@8W5S=&]M97)S+!097!S
M:4-O+!);F
N+!A8V-O=6YT960@9F]R(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

'!T.SXQ
24\+V9O;G0^


3!P

M93HQ


M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




@:6YC;'5D



M92UH96EG:'0Z


'!T

@

T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ







3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M87!S93IC;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M




T0Q

T0Q)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
!S;VQI


@


M

P

3X\9&EV







M

7!X('-O

P



M;&4]






M





3MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@








Y8CL^3F5T

T1F;VYT+69A

P
#4S.6([/B0\+V9O




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD




#`U



M93-F


M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M










3MP861D:6YG


2!C;VQS




M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M93-F



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A


Y8CL^)#PO



M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#4S.6([/C0L
C0S+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C


M

P
#4S






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T

V8Q.W!A



F4Z.'!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([/C$S,RXY/]F;VYT




M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T






M

P
#4S
M.6([/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T

V8Q.R!R




B!S='EL93TS1'9E

&4S9C$[

M;VTZ



Y8CL^-C`X+C(\+V9O



2!C;VQS



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M








M.B
P
#4S.6([/C$N



M
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`U






P
#4S.6([/B8C.#(Q
CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




3X\9&EV



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



3X\9&EV('-T


M(S`P-3
Y8CL^



M.V-O;&]R.B
P


M(V4P93-F



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


G!X.W!A









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.W!A9&1I





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


3L@



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T

V8Q.W!A9&1I





M;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@




#`U
SEB.SXF(S@R

T1F;VYT

P
#4S.6([/B8C
M.#(Q



M/3-$




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X




M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






M.V-O;&]R.B
P

M

M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`U
SEB.SXR-#0N-CPO9F]N


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M




#`U
SEB.SXT+#0Q-XS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


G!X.W!A


'!E;F1I
M='5R97

M

M


'0M86QI






M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R




P
#4S.6([/C$S

P




P




Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD
M+6-O;&]R.B-E


3X\9&EV


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


P
#4S.6([

P
#4S.6([8F%C:V=R;W5N


M
#`U

3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


F4Z.'!T.SX\



Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[)R!R;W=S





M-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



F4Z.'!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([/C$P,BXW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`U

M
3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9RUT;W`Z





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




M

M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,BPU,S@N,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M;&4]



M+#$R



M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P







M+6EN9&5N=#HM

M(&-O;'-P86X]










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]





M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L




3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C$Y



T0R




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




M93HQ






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T

M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M9RUT;W`Z



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R






M/3-$


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\














T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ












'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$






3X\9&EV('-T


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



M;VTZ




F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO



M97!R96-I871I;VX@86YD(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


P


3X\9&EV


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M



T0G=F5R




P
#4S.6([)R!R;W=S





M-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z








M93HQ





#`U


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT



C`Q
M

M(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


G!X



3X\


M












M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

2PU.3@N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ






2!C




M;&4]


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI






M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]








M




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
3(R+C(\+V9O;G0^

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N
M92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9RUT;W`Z





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N

B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD



M



G!X.R!R;W=S





M






M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I







B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@



C$N



M















M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




T1F;VYT+69A

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL






M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]


T1F

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]









M.'!T.SXR-3
N


G!X



38U+C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T






T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M;&4]


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




#`U
SEB.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

Y8CMP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


P





M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI







P

2!C



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

Y8CMP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^



'!T
M.SY!(')E8V]N8VEL:6%T:6]N(&]F(&]P97)A=&EN9R!I;F-O;64@97AC;'5D


M96YT('!R;V9I=&%B:6QI='DI('1O(&]P97)A=&EN9R!I;F-O;64@9F]R('1H



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\

M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M





3!P=#MW
M:61T:#HU

3X\+W1D

2!C;VQS


2!C;VQS


2!C;VQS




P
#4S.6([

M;VTZ


G!X('-O;&ED

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*&UI;&QI;VYS


P
#4S.6([)R!R






G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT



P
#4S.6([/D]P97)A=&EN9R!I




M.V-O;&]R.B
P

M

M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`U
SEB.SXV
#@N
CPO9F]N







M




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT



M
#`U
SEB.SY

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





F4Z
M.'!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([/C4N,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-E
&4S9F$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



#`U
SEB.SY
M97-S.B!


T0G=F5R=&EC





M




#`U
SEB.SXF(S@R




#`U

G!X


M

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
34N
SPO9F]N




M.V-O;&]R.B
P





Y8CL^)#PO9F]N



P
#4S.6([/C8P

P


G!X




P

2!C;VQS





#`U




M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL



M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


M


M:'0Z


T1F;VYT+69A


@





M1#$S(')O=W-P86X]

T0Q

T0Q)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M/3-$

3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V



M;6EL;&EO;G

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E

R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


Y8CLG(')O
M=W-P86X]



P



M

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG
F4Z.'!T.SYC;W5N=')I97,\+V9O;G0^/]D

P


M




M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M






M
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


T1F;VYT+69A

P

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`U



M
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R

T1F;VYT

P
#4S.6([/B0\




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




#`U
SEB.SXY



M;W`Z

M
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


M;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R

M

P
#4S




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




#`U
SEB.SXT+#(T

P




P



Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[




B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E






T0R


#`U

3MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L




M93!E

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT


#`U
SEB.SXR




3

@




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1F
F4Z.'!T.SY.970@<V%L97
\+V9O


M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]













M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I
M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C@X
M






C
N-#PO9F]N

P
M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



M;'-P86X]


#`U



M




T0G=F5R





#`U




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R


T1F;VYT
F4Z.'!T.SXR+#<P.XU/]F;VYT/CPO


#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



C`Q


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]



3!P=#L^)B





F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/DYE=!S86QE









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


T1V

M;&4]







M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





P





M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R

P
#4S.6([




B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T




M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

'!T.SY


L(&YE
M=!O9B!A8V-U;75L871E9!D97!R96-I871I;VX@86YD(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO


M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]D
3-D.#!F
%\S-6
U7S0U
#E?8C-A
5]A
C
V
M
6
R93
X96








M1#$^

S`L(#(P
30\8G(^






]








#`U
SEB.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E-5
M4%!
14U%3E1!3!&24Y!3D-)04P@4U1!5$5-14Y4($1!5$$\+V9O;G0^/]D
M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




T0P(&-E






T0Q)2!R



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
!S


M1#


M;VTZ

V8Q



#`U


C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R



M96YT;W)I97


M;&4]

M93!E

G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@





M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS



G!X.V)A8VMG











T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




#`U

M;&5F=#HQ



3X\

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB.V)A8VMG

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C0Q
M


#`U
SEB.V)A

3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





P


3X\9&EV('-T



Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI







M

3
N.#PO9F]N

'!T.SX\9F]N








M:60@97AP96YS97

T1V97)T





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
C`N
SPO9F]N







M




3X\9&EV


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

M='

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED




M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M

7!X('-O







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC


T1F;VYT+69A

P






Q-C`[


M:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
#4S


P





P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
3

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O







2P@<&QA;G0@86YD(&5Q=6EP;65N=#PO9F]N=#X\



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
F4Z.'!T.SY,86YD(&%N
M9!I;7!R;W9E;65N='

T1V





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]









M;W`Z




3X\

M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^0G5I
M;&1I;F=S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L





3X\



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

S
U+C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@











3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C8V
M





T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.W!A9&1I



F4Z.'!T.SXS,#$N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L











M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



3X\9&EV




M




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-3DN
CPO9F]N=#X\

P
#4S



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD





#`U
SEB






P




P
#4S



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T




P

6QE

#`U

3LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



T1F;VYT+69A


#`U




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A





R!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q





M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



3MP861D:6YG+71O



M/3-$



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV


G!X.R!R;W=S




XV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N
M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^3&]N9RUT97)M(&EN=F5S=&UE;G1S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV
M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M

M86X]



M:7IE.CAP=#L^

T1V

V8Q




B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD



M



M
F4Z.'!T.SY0<F5P86ED(&%L
M;&]W86YC97

M;&4]

M93!E

G!X.W!A9&1I






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





#`U

M=#HQ



3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^3W1H
M97(@87-S971S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('-T


#`U

3MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

T1F


P


G!X.W!A



M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M)B


P

P





P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T








M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT













T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\









M:7IE.CAP=#L^4V%L97










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






#`U

M;W(Z(V4P93-F
3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R

P
#4S.6([




M-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF


M;&4]

7!X

T1F;VYT

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M1&YO;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\



M.'!T.SXT-C$N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T




M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

M;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C$X
M


M;VTZ






2!C




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M=#L^4&]S=')E=&ER96UE;G0@8F5N969I='
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A

M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L





M/3-$


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C0W
M+C



M




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-3
N
#PO9F]N=#X\

P
#4S



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S

M;W1T;VTZ




#`U

M93-F
3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


Y8CLG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




#`U
SEB.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





M

V8Q.W!A

M





#`U

3LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^

T1F;VYT



#`U




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O;G0M




T0P('-T

M
3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

2!C



2!C;VQS


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M/3-$

T1F




M1#


M;VTZ

P

3X\



M.SXR





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


G!X.V)A






&4S9C$[
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




T1F

M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-C,N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



T1F

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG






M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





#`U




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[

M;VTZ



Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S





B!S='EL


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





P
#4S

M;W1T;VTZ



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[=&5X




3!P

#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I
M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0[8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I
M;VXZ;F]N93L^)#$N

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


3
\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


3!P=#L^(&%N
'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE
M.SXD,2XR-#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L





S5C-5\T-3`Y7V(S83%?83(S-C%C
F4S.&5C#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V0Q
V0X
&8P7S
U8S5?-#4P
M.5]B
V$Q7V$R
S8Q8S)E

C8N:'1M;`T*


M:G


M9#TS1$E$


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

M=&@^3F]V+B`S


M9VX]




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#4S.6([9F]N=UW96EG
M:'0Z8F]L9#L^4T5,14-4140@455!4E1%4DQ9($1!5$$@*%5.055$251%1D\
M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[9F]N




M

T0Q


2!C



2!C;VQS


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M/3-$

T1F

F(S$V
M

#MP97(F(S$V
#MS:&%R92!D871A*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


Q-C`[)B
!S;VQI

M86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^4V5C;VYD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV
M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB.W!A9&1I



#`U
M




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


P
#4S.6([)R!R





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


G!X




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M





38P





M



M


G!X.V)A8VMG





&4S



F4Z.'!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([/CDY,RXT/]F;VYT




M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

P
#4S.6([/C$L
#
S+C0\



2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




#`U


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





P
#4S.6([/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


#`U
SEB
M.SXQ+#$W

M;W(Z(S`P-3



M
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





P
#4S.6([/C$R-XV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M9RUT;W`Z



M93-F



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M;&4]

M93!E

G!X.W!A9&1I

6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^






F4Z.'!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([/C$Y.2XT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R



M
#L@<F]W


B!S='EL93TS1'9E

&4S9C$[

M;VTZ



Y8CL^.#(N-3PO9F]N


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M




#`U
SEB.SXX-XU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M;W(Z(V4P93-F



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


G!X







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T

V8Q.W!A






Y8CL^0F%S
M:6
@96%R;FEN9W


M



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M

M


'0M86QI








M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M
#`U

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P-3



P




M


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[
M8V]L;W(Z(S`P-3
Y8CL^
XV-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^






F4Z.'!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([/C$N,30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



#`U
SEB.SY$:79I9&5N9'
@

M;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



#`U
SEB






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

#`U
SEB.SXP+C



Y8CL^36%R:V5T('!R
M:6-E)B
X



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


Y









'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P










M-3

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

CM#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL@3F]N+59O

R!S='EL

M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M

M;&]R.B-E




M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT


Y8CL^2&EG:#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



'!T.SX\9F]N












'!T.SX\9F]N






P
#4S.6([/DQO=SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M

P
#4S


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB.V)A8VMG

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[8V]L
M;W(Z(S`P-3
Y8CL^-C8N

M

7!X('-O







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC





M




#`U
SEB.SXV-2XW.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






P



3
\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N



\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@












T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE








XQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



G!X



V

M93HQ


M86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,SDT+C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



M;&4]





M



'!T.SX\9F]N



M;&4]
F4Z.'!T.SY/<&5R871I



M.'!T.SXQ
3(N


G!X



M93HQ


M86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,30X+C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



M;&4]

3PO



G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-S8N
#PO9F]N=#X\



3X\9&EV




T0R



F4Z.'!T.SXQ,#0N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




2!C






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



M;&4]
6QE/3-$=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ



G!X.R!R



M



M/D1I;'5T960@96%R;FEN9W

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL







3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C`N



T0R






3X\

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@





M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1V97)T

M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M.'!T.SXP+C

'!T.SX\9F]N




M;W1T;VTZ



S0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT




G!X.R!R








M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

F4Z.'!T.SXW-XV
#PO9F]N=#X\



3X\9&EV




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD




3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C8Q



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M






M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ









3([0V]M;6]N

M;CTS1#




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R;W=S


M93HQ

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R



M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L




2!C;VQS




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



P
#4S.6([)R!R;W=S





M-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






P


G!X

F4Z.'!T.SXV-RXP.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

P
M





M=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M


'!T.SXD
BXS





30L

@=V%S(#PO



3!P=#L^
M)#(N




'!T.SXD
XP,3PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M




3!P=#L^)#`N

M




'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N


'!T.SXD
M
C4N




3!P=#L^)#$U+C



M.C$R


3(P)3MP861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ

3!P


M
3!P=#L^16%R;FEN9W



M/5].97AT4&%R=%]D
3-D.#!F
%\S-6
U7S0U
#E?8C-A
5]A
C
V
6
R93
X
M96








3XQ
B!-;VYT
M:'









]
T1T








M:&5I9VAT.C$R



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/BA)3B!-24Q




M=W-P86X]

T0Q


M/3-$



M


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


P
#4S.6([

M;VTZ




M


#`U

M9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E


P


G!X







38P.T4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M;W1T;VTZ



#MO9CPO9F]N





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X



T1F;VYT+69A

M:&%R9V5D)B
'0M86QI9VXZ

M;W5N='


M

7!X('-O


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M16YD)B
Q-C`[;V8F(S$V
#M097)I;V0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R




#`U


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R;W=S


M93HQ



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT



M(S`P-3

#$T.CPO


M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[









M.B
P

T1V97)T

M

P
#4S
M.6([/C0N



2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




#`U
SEB.SXQ+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@









G!X.R!R;W=S




Y8CL^*#`N.3PO9F]N


#`U
M

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P-3




2!C;VQS









2!C



Y8CL^-XP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$




Y8CMP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M





B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M


Y8CL^
C$N


M;'-P86X]


#`U



M




#`U
SEB.SXS+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P








B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M




Y8CL^*#$N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


Y8CL^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





#`U




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


#`U

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


P


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

#`U
SEB.SXR-2XS

P


G!X



Y8CMP861D:6YG




Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







P
#4S.6([/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ


M
#`U




3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$)W9E

M
#`U

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


P
M


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`U
SEB.SXH


#`U

T1F;VYT+69A

P
#4S.6([/B0\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T




#`U


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT
F4Z.'!T.SY996%R(&5N9&5D($YO=F5M
M8F5R)B,Q-C`[,S`L(#(P,3,Z/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]






T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A




M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B


G!X





38P.SPO


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL





M

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D









P





M
#`U



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]



M




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ








P



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]


#`U

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q



M=#L^*#DN.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


P



M:'0Z



T1F;VYT+69A

P
#4S.6([)R!R;W=S





Y8CMP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


P
#4S.6([)R!R;W=S





Y8CMP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N

#`U
SEB.W!A9&1I







Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[
M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P-3

G!X



Y8CMP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P




P





P
#4S.6([


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

C4N



M=&5D(&9R;VT@87-S970@86-C;W5N='



G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\








G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI

M
38P.S

M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M






T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M97










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N













T1V97)T:6-A

T1F
F4Z.'!T.SXT+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D
M:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]


M:7IE.CAP=#L^5F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC92!O;B!N970@9&5F97)R960@

P
#4S.6([)R!R;W=S





M-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




#`U

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


#`U







M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



M

7!X('-O

M

P


G!X



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^)B

M;&4]


P
M





M-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\9&EV('-T
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

Y8CMP861D:6YG+71O



P
M





M-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\9&EV('-T
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

Y8CMP861D:6YG+71O



P
M





M-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\9&EV('-T
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

Y8CMP861D:6YG+71O




M
#`U




3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

Y8CMP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N

#`U




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9#$S9#@P9C!?
S5C-5\T-3`Y7V(S83%?
M83(S-C%C


M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4









]



]





M.C$R


3(P)3MF;VYT









34N(%1H:7
@


@97AP96-T





C`Q-BX@5V4@


'!T




V0X
&8P7S
U8S5?-#4P.5]B
V$Q
M7V$R
S8Q8S)E






]




M1'1H/DYO=BX@
S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@




]

]
T1T97AT






3!P


M








M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


M93HQ



'!T.SY&;W(@;6%J;W)I='DM;W=N960@;W(@8V]N=')O

M97


X
M


@;V8@97AC:&%N9V4N



3(P)3MT97AT+6%L





X



]


]








#`U
SEB.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E5S



M=6ER97
@=7









T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


'!T.SY!;&P@:&EG:&QY



M/DEN=F5N=&]R:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A




]


Y8CMF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY0



3!P=#L^/&9O


3!P=#L^

@97-T:6UA
M=&5D('5S969U;!L:69E('5S:6YG('1H92!S=')A:6=H=UL:6YE(&UE=&AO















M;&4]

3!P=#L^5V4@8V%P





38P.W!A

M979E;&]P:6YG('1H92!S;V9T=V%R92X@0V%P:71A;&EZ871I;VX@;V8@=&AE








#`P


6QE



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[




#`P


P@,C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

'!T.SXL(#PO9F]N=#X\





C`Q


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M



3!P

C`Q
CPO


]


M;W(Z(S`P-3

M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




@86YD(&-O;F1U8W0@=&5S='
@








3(P)3MP






N(%=E




3(P)3MP







@86YD


M9'







#`U

M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/DEN9&5F:6YI=&4M;&EV960@26YT86YG:6)L

T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






M.C$R
F4Z
M,3!P=#L^1FEX960@87-S971S(&%N9!A;6]R=&EZ86)L92!I;G1A;F=I8FQE

@979E;G1S
M(&]R(&-H86YG97





Y8CMF;VYT

M




3(P





@86YD(&-O
M;G-U;65R(&-O=7!O;G




M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R





'!T

F4Z,3!P=#MC;VQO<CHC,#`U,SEB.V9O;G0M=V5I
M9VAT.F)O;&0[/E-H:7!P:6YG(&%N9!(86YD;&EN9SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


3!P=#L^


3!P




M;F4[/B0Q
#`N



M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#DV+CD@;6EL;&EO;CPO


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M




M

#`P

#$T
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0[8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q


'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P


T1T;W`^4F5S96%R8V@@
M06YD($1E=F5L;W!M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E

M;G0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[




#`P
#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#8R+C`@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M;&4]


M
#`P






3
\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


3!P=#L^(&%N






T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P





M

#`P

3DX
M+C


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M



M

#`P

#$S
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0[8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q


L('-H;W!P97(@;6%R:V5T:6YG






M;F4[/B0Q

M93HQ


M




M

#`P

#$T
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0[8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q


'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P



M;F0@3W1H97(@4&]S=')E=&ER96UE;G0@4&QA;G




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P

M9FEN960@8V]N=')I8G5T:6]N('!L86YS(&EN('1H92!5+E



@

M(&-H86YG97




M='





'!T.SX\9F]N

N(%1H92!C;W)R:61O




M:6YS(&%N9!L;W-S97,@87)E(&%M;W)T:7IE9!W:&5N('1H92!N970@9V%I
M;G


&-E<W




V0X
&8P7S
U8S5?-#4P.5]B
V$Q
M7V$R
S8Q8S)E






]


M;'-P86X]


M
#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$






T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A







F(S@R


M;&EA=&5S+71H870@:7



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






M97




@;V8@










@4W!E8VEA;!#
M:&%R9V5S(A486)L97


]
M
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#
P+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@



]
M




M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



@=&AE(&UA:F]R(&-O;7!O;F5N='
@


M

T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

T1P861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




@3F5W(%)O


M9VAT.F%U=&\[=VED=&@Z.3@N


3(@

T0Q)2!R;W=S



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M/3-$



M


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


P
#`P


G!X


6QE
M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^16UP;&]Y964@


P
#`P


G!X


6QE
M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^3W1H97(@97AI

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



G!X.V)A


3!P


M


M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P









M;&4]

3!P=#L^





M








T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO






G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^











M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M/3-$




















3X\







T1F;VYT

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





G!X.R!R;W=S







P




M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


P
M
#`P





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M










W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO


M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]D,3-D.#!F,%\S-6,U7S0U,#E?8C-A,5]A
M,C,V,6,R93,X96,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9#$S
M9#@P9C!?
S5C-5\T-3`Y7V(S83%?83(S-C%C

O
M4VAE970S
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'






]


]
F5D($EN=&%N9VEB
M;&4@07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I



#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]V96UB
M97(@
S`L(#(P



'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR,#$S/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T


M;&4]


T0Q


2!C;VQS


T0Q



M/3-$



M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X

F4Z.'!T
M.SXR,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T

P


M



M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*&UI;&QI;VYS*3PO


P
#4S.6([)R!R;W=S




6QE/3-$=&5X

T1F





M;CTS1#


M;W1T;VTZ

M



#`U


M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^06-C=6UU;&%T960\+V9O
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U




#`U





6QE/3-$



G!X





T0G=F5R

3MP


M
F4Z.'!T.SX\


G!X.V)A8VMG





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^






6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M



T1F;VYT



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R












M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US













M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


2PW.3@N








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M:7IE.CAP=#L^0G)A;F0@;F%M97
@86YD('1R861E;6%R:W







&4S
M9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L







M;W`Z



P
#4S.6([)R!R









M





P
#4S



#8X+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

P

M


#`U
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M

G!X('-O;&ED

P


3X\
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M5&]T86P@9V]O9'=I;&P@86YD(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S/]F;VYT/CPO


#`U



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

Y
M8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`U

M93-F



F4Z

P

P


3X\

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P

M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[
M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M;W`Z

#`U


P
#4S.6([

M;VTZ



P

M



38R+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M



#`U
SEB



#`U



P



#`U



P
#4S.6([






M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D-H86YG97



3(P)3MP861D:6YG



T1F;VYT+69A


#`P



'!T.SX@

M;F4[/C(P
3





T0G


T0Q/CPO=&0^

T0Q



M



3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


Y8CLG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

T1F;VYT+69A

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P


T1F;VYT



M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD
M+6-O;&]R.B-E





Y8CMB86-K
M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M

R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O
M;&]R.B-E









M
#`U



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

@


M


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q





3X\9&EV('-T

M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

G!X.W!A



M;W1T;VTZ













T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A










M;&4]

M93!E

G!X.W!A9&1I







2!C;VQS


B!S

M.B-E

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




CL\+V9O;G0^




M/3-$


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\






CL\






M+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



T1F







M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]



M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^1F]R96EG;B!C=7)R


T1F;VYT

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E




F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/BD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


M;&4]
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L

#`U
SEB.W!A



M
#`U

F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/D5N9!O9B!Y96%R

M;&4]

P

M





M

V8Q.V)O


M93HQ









M.SXQ-#$N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



#`U

G!X.W!A

#`U
SEB


P

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`U



P


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


Y
M8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`U


Y8CLG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L







S5C-5\T-3`Y7V(S83%?83(S-C%C
M
F4S.&5C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V0Q
V0X
&8P
M7S
U8S5?-#4P.5]B
V$Q7V$R
S8Q8S)E

M
S



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\




]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#

M;G1S($EN($%F9FEL:6%T97









#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I
M;VXZ;F]N93L^

M

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M

M9RUT;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M/3-$



M


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]





M

7!X('-O





#`U
SEB




3

M1#


M;VTZ

P

3X\



M.SXR


M;W`Z





2!C;VQS


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


F4Z.'!T.SXW-C8N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



T1F;VYT



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T



M/3-$












M;W`Z


M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



T1F




3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C(R









M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U



M86X]



M:7IE.CAP=#L^-3
N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V


T0R


#`U

M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@



M









M


G!X









M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT











M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



M.SXQ
#0N













3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




M




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
3(Y+CD\+V9O;G0^







Y8CMB86-K
M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M




CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V


T0R


#`U

M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@



C`N


M9#$S9#@P9C!?
S5C-5\T-3`Y7V(S83%?83(S-C%C
F4S.&5C#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V0Q
V0X
&8P7S
U8S5?-#4P.5]B
V$Q
M7V$R
S8Q8S)E

S0N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M



]
M
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#
P+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@


@6T%B



]







3!P=#L^3W5R(&]U='-T86YD:6YG(&1E8G0@=V%S(&%S(&9O;&QO
M=W
@870@3F]V96UB97(@

M/3-$-S@E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]




P
#4S.6([)R!R;W=S







3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT





#`U





M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV
M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[




M/3-$

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M9RUT;W`Z



&4S
M9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



T1F;VYT+69A

#`N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N
M92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U

G!X.W!A


T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
3$N
SPO9F]N=#X\



M)B


P

P





P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
C$Q+C8\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T








M

\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

G!X('-O;&ED(,P,#4S.6([8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC





M

B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z












M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




M86X]






T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C9P=#XH




T1V

V8Q

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

C`P+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO









T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
C`P+C`\+V9O;G0^


@9'5E(#$R
M+S$U+S(P









T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M














M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C(U
M








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^






3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



XP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE

M(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD



M-34N

M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

F4Z.'!T.SXU-2XP/]F;VYT








M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



3MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


M;W(Z(V4P93-F



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T


#`U

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T
F4Z.'!T.SY5;F%M;W)T:7IE9!D
M:7-C;W5N='
@86YD(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@861J=7-T;65N='

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD



M


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
!S;VQI









38P



'!T.SX\9F]N


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,2PP,C$N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P



@

M


#`U

M
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




#`U
SEB.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

G!X

V8Q.W!A9&1I

2!C




M;&4]

G!X





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





M;W1T;VTZ


Y8CLG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


M;&5F=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#$I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

2!C


3(P)3MT97AT

M:6]N.FYO;F4[/B0Q



#`P



@87)E(&)A



#`P
M


T1F

P
#`P
#`[

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*2X\+V9O;G0^
M/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M

@


T1W
M:61T:#HR







M;B`R




M/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M

@


T1W
M:61T:#HR







M;B`R




M/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M

@


T1W
M:61T:#HR







M;B`R








@;V8@;&]N9RUT



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ







3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T
M(')O=W-P86X]

T0W)2!R;W=S







Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



G!X.W!A9&1I


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F




F4Z



G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L

XW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$






T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N
F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$X/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]




F4Z.'!T.SXR-3`N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M=#L^









#`U


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R




65A

@96YD:6YG($YO=F5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S`@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W
@*&EN
#L^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C96QL




T0Q)2!R



M

M9RUT;W`Z


#`U




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



M:7IE.CAP=#L^
C
N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V







M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X.W!A




G!X



M;&4]





M;&4]


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^












P
M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




P





M
#`U



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]


S5C
M-5\T-3`Y7V(S83%?83(S-C%C

O4VAE970S-2YH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


T0Q/C$R($UO;G1H



M86ER(%9A;'5E(%M



M


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


2!C


T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$






M.B
P
#4S.6([/DYO=F5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S`L(#(P

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




M
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


#`U

3MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

M;'-P86X]


#`U

M(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M



M.'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P

2!$
M97)I=F%T:79E<SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL


Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X




P


M)B

M86X]


#`U

M93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\



M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#4S.6([/DYO=&EO;F%L)B

F4Z.'!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([/D9A:7(F(S$V,#MV
M86QU93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

Y8CMB
M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M

M;&]R.B
P
#4S.6([=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^


M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#4S.6([/D)A;&%N8V4F(S$V
#MS:&5E=#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

Y8CMT97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E

P
#4S


Y8CL^3F]T:6]N
M86PF(S$V

M1#


M;VTZ

V8Q



T0Q/CQD:78@




T1F;VYT

P
#4S.6([/DEN


Y8CL^3W1H97(F(S$V
#MC=7)R
M96YT)B


Y8CL^87-S971S






#`U




P
#4S.6([/C$P
XP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

Y
M8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$

T1F;VYT+69A

P
#4S.6([/B0\+V9O




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD




#`U

M

M





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X



3X\



M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#4S.6([/D]T:&5R)B





P
#4S.6([/B8C.#(Q
CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F

#`U
SEB



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M

M


'0M86QI






Y8CL^1F]R

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

V8Q.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC





M




#`U
SEB.SXQ
#8N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






P
#4S.6([/C0N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




P


G!X.V)A8VMG

3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


P


P

P
#4S

M;W1T;VTZ

3LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
F4Z.'!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P




#`U

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



#`U

M
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS



Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S

M;W1T;VTZ




#`U
SEB.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



#`U



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


3X\
6QE/3-$

#`U

3MP861D:6YG+71O



P

P
#4S.6([

T1F

Y
M8CL^)B


M(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



Y8CL^)#PO9F]N=#X\

P
#4S.6([8F%C

M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^07,@;V8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL

#LS


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF

#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






G!X.R!R;W=S

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


M






M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


M1#


F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D

P


G!X




P







T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL
F4Z.'!T.SY$97)I=F%T:79E<SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

M)B

M86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^;&]C871I;VX\+V9O;G0^/]D

P


M




M86PF(S$V

M1#


M;VTZ




#`U




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

Y8CMP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]


M
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

















T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

#`N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ






2!C



M











M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




CL\+V9O;G0^






B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M


T0G=F5R=&EC





Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M:&5R)B


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N

M(S`P-3





Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]









Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





#`U




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
F4Z.'!T.SY4;W1A;#PO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

Y8CMP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]

G!X



#`U

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L

#`U
SEB.W!A

M




M;&4]

G!X

'!T.SX\9F]N



P


G!X.W!A




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




]



3(P)3MF;VYT






M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]V96UB97(@
S`L
M(#(P





M;&QO=W





M/3-$



M



2!C



2!C;VQS


M(S`P
#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E




F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$T
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`U



C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*&UI;&QI;VYS*3PO9F]N









M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E




R!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L


M+6QE9G0Z







3
N



G!X

&4S9C$[
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F

M







G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S




3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[
M/C$P






M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W`Z



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

2PP
34N


T0R

M;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
2PQ
#DN
#PO9F]N


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


2PQ
#(N



M





M;&4]

M93!E

G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M



3!P=#L^)B


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A

M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



M.SXQ




M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^1F]R96EG;B!C

M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






3X\9&EV('-T


3PO



M



P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L




M

V8Q.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N
M92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U

3MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z










Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






#`U



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^







'!T.SY4:&4@

M871I=F4@:6YS=')U;65N='

M;64@*$]#22DL(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&]T:&5R(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC




#`P


P@,C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

'!T.SXL(#PO9F]N

3
\







M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


3X\+W1D/CQT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/]T

T0Q
2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

Y8CMP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$





P








Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIM

Y8CMB86-K9W)O
M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E







F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U





T1T97AT


P


G!X.W!A






#`U

M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


Y8CMP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T0G=F5R





M


#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M93HQ



T1F;VYT
F4Z.'!T.SXU+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^
M/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]



M93HQ



T1F;VYT




M93HQ


]
T1R:#X-

]
T1T

]

]
T1T97AT

]


]






M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M



T0X



T0X)2!R



T0X)2!R;W=S



M
T0R


M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U



M(')O=W-P86X]






P



M:'0Z



M(&QO8V%T:6]N)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[


#LH;&]S



P


G!X




P


30\


T0G=F5R


R!S='EL


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z










#`U

G!X.W!A

M



P






C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

M;&4]
F4Z.'!T.SY);G1E<F5S

M/3-$

M+6-O;&]R.B-E






CL\



2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



M






M.'!T.SXH


3MP861D

M




M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



M.CAP=#L^*#$N








G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F]R

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X





P



3LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`U

M




P

P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z.'!T.SXQ+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D

P

2!C



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

Y8CMP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M





#MO9B8C
38P.V=O;V1S)B


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

Y8CMB
M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L

#`U
SEB






P




P
#4S.6([




B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z













P


M-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

2!C




Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I
M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL



M



P





P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#(N-3PO9F]N=#X\




M

M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


#`U



M+6-O;&]R.B-E


3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

Y8CMB86-K9W)O
M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#$N
SPO9F]N




M


P
#4S



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT


#`U



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`U







T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


T1F;VYT+69A









3XQ
B!-;VYT:'















T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ



M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

'!X.VQI

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A




M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]
T0Q

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI







'0M86QI


38P.S(P
30F(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X

V8Q.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


P



38P.W9A;'5E)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B



Y
M8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M:'0Z


#`U
SEB.SY

P


Y
M8CL^3&5V96PF(S$V
#LS)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B


3MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I













M.'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P

M;&4]

M93!E

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`U



G!X





M.B-E









M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M93-F



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M

V8Q






M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X



Y8CL^




M


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[
M8V]L;W(Z(S`P-3
Y8CL^)B
X



M;W`Z

M
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


M;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


3L@



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T

V8Q.W!A9&1I





T0R

M;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


#`U
SEB



M/3-$




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X



Y8CL^.XU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M9RUT;W`Z




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




3MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

F4Z.'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B,P,#4S.6([/DEN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@9&5R:79A=&EV97,\+V9O;G0^/]D





P



M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M
#`U
SEB.SXF(S@R

T1F;VYT+69A

P





3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




#`U
SEB.SXF(S@R


Y8CL^1F]R96EG;B!C=7)R



P
#4S.6([/B8C.#(Q
CL\+V9O



2!C;VQS




M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M/3-$


Y8CL^-XY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M;W(Z(V4P93-F



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V

V8Q






M/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T


Y8CL^5&]T86P\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



Y8CL^

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

P
#4S.6([/C(P

P
#4S.6([

M;VTZ

3MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P

#`U



M(S`P-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M

M
#`U


P
#4S

P


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P

2!C;VQS




#`U

3MP


M
F4Z.'!T.SX\

P

P


M/3-$


Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S

M;W1T;VTZ




Y8CMB86-K9W)O
M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

Y
M8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


3MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

F4Z
M.'!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([/DQI86)I;&ET:65S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B





M.B
P

\+V9O;G0^



Y8CL^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

T1F

P
#4S.6([

M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

#`U
SEB.SXF(S@R


G!X.V)A8VMG





&4S




M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M;W(Z(V4P93-F



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]



G!X

V8Q.W!A9&1I



M
#!F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L

#`U
SEB





#!F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


P

P
#4S

P


3X\9&EV('-T


M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S

M;W1T;VTZ




Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
M

#!F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



T1F

P
#4S.6([

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




#!F9CLG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`U
SEB.SXQ+C0\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T







P


3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[8V]L
M;W(Z(S`P-3
Y8CL^)B
X






T0Q)2!R



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q)2!R;W=S



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^)B

M:7(F(S$V
#MV86QU928C

38P.W5S:6YG)B
Q

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M
38P.V%S)B
Q-C`[;V8F(S$V

38P.S

P







P


M




M
38P.W9A;'5E)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[


Q-C`[

F4Z.'!T.SY,979E;8C

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B








M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[
M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T






M













M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


X
C$R




M/3-$



T1V







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T



M

M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^.3`N,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X.W!A



M

M

M86X]



M:7IE.CAP=#L^
3
N


M



\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I







M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



X
M



M:'0Z




M

M

M86X]



M:7IE.CAP=#L^
3(N


M



CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

F4Z.'!T.SXQ,BXR/]F;VYT/CPO





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



X
M



M:'0Z




M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE



M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



#`U




Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


Y8CLG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`U


Y8CLG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




M;W1T;VTZ



M
#`U

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`U



P



#`U





#`U





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


P

M-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


P






G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R







M97










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO




F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT





M-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


7!X



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P

M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[
M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P-3

G!X




M:60@(S`P-3

#`U




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R


P
#4S.6([)R!R




M;&4]

G!X


#`U
SEB.W!A



#`U



P



#`U



P

Y8CLG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




P
#4S.6([






M87)T7V0Q
V0X
&8P7S
U8S5?-#4P.5]B
V$Q7V$R
S8Q8S)E
SAE8PT*0V]N





]

M
T1)1#!%


M

S`L(#(P



]
T1T97AT

]




M
T0W

M



M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

T0Q










T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL







M(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V97)T








M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

G!X.W!A9&1I









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

6QE/3-$


M

M+6QE9G0Z

G!X



3X\

M/3-$

M+6-O;&]R.B-E






N
#PO9F]N


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI

T1F;VYT+69A




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

F4Z.'!T
M.SY5;F%M;W)T:7IE9!V86QU92!O9B!S971T;&5D(&EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@


M

M


'0M86QI


'!T.SX\9F]N





M/3-$

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



M



C(T+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD

F4Z.'!T.SXI
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M;W`Z



G!X.W!A



P
#4S.6([

M;VTZ


7!X('-O;&ED


P


G!X


#`U


P

M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#$X-BXP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`U

3MP861D

M



T1F;VYT

M86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#`N,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R




M




]

;W-S*2!.;W1E(%M497AT


'!T.SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A
M8FQE('-E='
@9F]R=&@@=&AE(&%M;W5N='


I






3!P

#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0[8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


T1P
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

@




M;CTS1#$V(')O=W-P86X]

T0Q



T0Q)2!R




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M

3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P

2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^*&UI;&QI;VYS*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL



M:'0Z



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

M;W1T;VTZ


G!X('-O



M;VTZ


G!X('-O;&ED





G!X




G!X.V)O






G!X





G!X.W!A





B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SY!9F9E8W1E9!
:6YE($ET96US(&EN
M('1H92!#;VYS;VQI9&%T960@26YC;VUE(%-T871E;65N=#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I






G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#4S.6([8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


G!X

M86X]





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

P




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0S






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M;&4]
F4Z.'!T.SY);G1E<F5S


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O



M

M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



M*#$N








G!X.W!A





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@







T1V97)T


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

Y8CMB86-K
M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L

#`U
SEB.V)A








G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M86X]



M:7IE.CAP=#L^


M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/E1O


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O









G!X



T1F



M/3-$


T1V97)T


T1V97)T:6-A


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS





M:'0Z





38P.SPO



M.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






M93HQ



T0R('-T



'0M86QI9VXZ

M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


7!X






P

M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I
M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P


G!X





M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#`N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

#`P



M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T
F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R


M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


T1F;VYT+69A

XV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO





M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M



M



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT.C$V


3!P=#L^)B


G!X




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





M;W`Z


M:'0Z


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


3!P=#L^)B



G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



R!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T






M







M93-F

F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C






G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



T1F;VYT+69A


T1F;VYT+69A



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I








2D\




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B-E

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z.'!T.SXQ-BXT/]F;VYT/CPO


#`U

M;W(Z(V4P93-F
3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R







V+C4\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M









G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




T1F





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D






M;'-P86X]

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q



M=#L^
S4N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A


G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M;&4]











M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






M

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



G!X

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[







#`U

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

M;&]R.B-E

Y8CLG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`U

3MP


M
F4Z.'!T.SX\

P
#4S.6([

P





M(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M;&4]


Y8CMB;W)D97(M=&]P

#`U


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

P

2!C;VQS


M93HQ


T1F



#`U


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M

G!X('-O

P



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



M;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ











]


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S`L(#(P





M960@5&\@1&5T97)M:6YE($)E;F5F:70@3V)L:6=A=&EO;G

M;'DZ5&EM97


M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R







M/3-$


M/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


P

3X\



M.SY5;FET960F(S$V
#M3=&%T97
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ;6ED9&QE.W!A9&1I



#`U



M=#L^26YT97)N871I;VYA;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B-E

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M
F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$T/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB



#`U


C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P

3X\9&EV



M





T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N
F4Z.'!T.SY$:7-C;W5N=!R871E)B
X


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


M;W(Z(V4P93-F




3X\

M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@






M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,RXX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

M(V4P93-F

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
F4Z.'!T.SXE/]F;VYT





M;&]R.B-E

G!X




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C4N
M






M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.V)O






M

G!X('-O






6QE/3-$9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

2!C





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

RXP+3

P

P


G!X



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




]




'!T.SY!;6]U;G1S



3(P





3



M/3-$


T0Q


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


2!C



#`U
SEB



#`U



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B
Q




Y8CMP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



P


M




P

M


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

R!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M




C`Q-#PO




M

M


'0M86QI





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L

T1F

M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




T1F;VYT+69A

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL









M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE







6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ






M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M/3-$


T1V97)T

V8Q.R!R




B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@




T1F


M;VTZ




F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





P
#4S.6([8F%C

P
#4S.6([

P






#`U


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]



M;W1T;VTZ

M




T1T97AT+6%L




P
#4S.6([)R!R;W=S











@


P+`R,#$T/]F;VYT




'!T.SX@9F]R('1H92!5;FET960@4W1A=&5S

'!X.VQI;F4M

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]
T0Q

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

P
M
#4S.6([/D%S(&]F($YO=F5M8F5R(#
P+`R,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

Y8CMB86-K9W)O
M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



G!X('-O;&ED

F4Z.'!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([/E5N:71E
M9!3=&%T97

M

7!X('-O





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


P


M;W(Z(S`P-3


Y8CMT97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E

P


M(S`P-3
Y8CL^3&5V96PF(S$V

R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

Y8CMB86-K9W)O
M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E






#`U
SEB.SY


M;W(Z(S`P-3



2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N


M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F

M





Y8CL^
M
34N





&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.W!A9&1I





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[

R!S='EL93TS

&4S

M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

R!S

M.B-E

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M;&]R.B-E




M/3-$


Y8CMT
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#HQ



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#4S



M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M/3-$


Y8CL^
S`Q+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



3X\9&EV('-T


M/3-$

M+6-O;&]R.B-E






M-3
Y8CL^
30T+C

T1V97)T

V8Q.R!R




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`U





M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

#`U


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]




M







#`U

M;F1E;G0Z


T1F;VYT

P
#4S.6([/E4N


M(S`P-3





M.B
P
#4S.6([/C

T1V

V8Q




B!S='EL93TS

&4S

M;W1T;VTZ



Y8CL^)B
X
C$R

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

#`U
SEB.SXF(S@R



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


M.B
P


M


#`U
M

M9VAT.C$R






P
#4S.6([/C
Q+CD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



3X\9&EV('-T


M/3-$

M+6-O;&]R.B-E






M-3
Y8CL^)B
X



M
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`U
SEB.SXS






P
#4S.6([/B8C.#(Q
CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




3X\9&EV

M+6-O;&]R.B-E



G!X.R!R;W=S



Y
M8CMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HQ


M9'




#`U

M86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C9P=#XH

M;&4]

M93!E

G!X.W!A9&1I







M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M93-F



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M;&4]

M93!E

G!X.W!A9&1I







Y8CL^26YS=7)A;F-E(&-O;G1R86-T



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]








'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M

M


'0M86QI






M
#`U









T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^









T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.W!A9&1I


#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T

V8Q.W!A


#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V97)T

V8Q.W!A





'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X.R!R



Y8CL^-30N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@




#`U
SEB.SXF(S@R

T1F;VYT

P
#4S.6([/B8C
M.#(Q



M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`U

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




3MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


#`U




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P

T1V97)T

B!S

M.B-E

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




Y8CL^




P
#4S.6([/B8C.#(Q




M


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[
M8V]L;W(Z(S`P-3
Y8CL^)B
X


T0R

M;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


#`U
SEB



M/3-$




Y8CMB
M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M



#`U


Y8CMP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P


3X\9&EV('-T


#`U
M





P
#4S.6([

P





M(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P


M/3-$



#`U

3MP861D


7!X
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N

P

P


M


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P

M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I



#`U

M(V4P93-F

G!X.V)O



P

P

M




Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


P
#4S





#`U
SEB.V)A8VMG


M;W1T;VTZ




Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD
M+6-O;&]R.B-E

Y8CLG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


M9VAT.C$R

T1P861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




@3F5W(%)O

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$





T0G

7!X('-O;&ED





#`U




Y8CL^26YT97)N871I;VYA;#PO9F]N


Y8CL^



#`U


#`U


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

Y8CMB86-K
M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



G!X


#`U
SEB.SY

P
M


Y8CL^3&5V
M96PF(S$V

M;&]R.B-E




M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I


T1F

P
#4S.6([




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




#`U
SEB.SXP+C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO










#`U
SEB


M

P
#4S
M.6([/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T

V8Q.R!R




M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X.R!R;W=S




Y8CL^)B
X
C$R.SPO




Y

'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X



Y8CL^




M


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[
M8V]L;W(Z(S`P-3
Y8CL^)B
X



M;W`Z

M
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


M;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


3L@



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T

V8Q.W!A9&1I





M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B




3MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



Y8CL^)B
Q-C`[)B

M96YT+R!C;W)P;W)A=&4@8F]N9'

T1F;VYT


#`U
SEB.SX\

M




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T1F

P
#4S.6([
M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.R!R;W=S





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M



Y8CL^
3`X+C4\+V9O;G0^




M/3-$

M+6-O;&]R.B-E




M


Y8CL^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



Y8CL^26YS=7)A;F-E(&-O;G1R



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[








3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




#`U
SEB.V)A

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N

#`U
SEB.W!A9&1I




M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

P
#4S


Y8CMB
M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M.'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P

M;&4]

G!X

V8Q.W!A9&1I


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@




#`U

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED


M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M



#`U

P


M/3-$


Y8CL^



M;VTZ

V8Q





P
#4S.6([




Y8CL^)B
X
M


2!C



2!C;VQS


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


P


G!X



M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^07
@;V8@3F]V96UB97(@
M
S`L(#(P
3



#`U

M

M
#`U






38P



Q-C`[
M)B




#`U

G!X

M86X]




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X



T1F;VYT+69A


P
#4S.6([

M;VTZ




M96PF(S$V


M9RUT;W`Z






M


G!X




F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F








F4Z.'!T.SXQ,RXU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L

X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M





M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M9RUT;W`Z





M=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1V97)T






B!S

G!X

M



M.CAP=#L^

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T







M;VTZ



XW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N
M92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9RUT;W`Z




3X\9&EV('-T


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

X


M



M
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^1FEX960@:6YC;VUE('-E8W5R:71I97,Z/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M

M9VAT.C$R




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



M;&4]






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L







G!X




M;&4]


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


CDN
SPO



M



T1V97)T




M:6=H=#HQ

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I








T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M;&4]


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


3!P=#L^/'-U






M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I







B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@



2XP





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R



M97(@='EP97
@;V8@:6YV97-T;65N='



G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



3!P





M


T1V97)T:6-A


M86X]




F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L

X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T



M/3-$








\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


3!P=#L^/'-U






M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I







B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@



X
M


G!X.R!R;W=S



P



M







P


3X\
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

Y8CMP861D


7!X
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N


#`U
SEB.V)O


M93HQ





P
#4S.6([8F]R

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

!S



M

P



7!X



P


3X\9&EV('-T



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ







T0Q)2!R



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$







#`U

G!X.W!A


#`U




P



M





T1T97AT+6%L

M/F9A:7(F(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V

P







M=F5L)B
Q-C`[

F4Z.'!T.SY,979E;8C
38P.S
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


















M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M












T0R



F4Z.'!T.SXQ-C$N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N









G!X.R!R;W=S




CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT




M






T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A






I/]S=7`^/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

F4Z.'!T.SXY.2XS/]F






B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q



M=#L^)B
X


G!X




M;&4]












M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HQ
M


M:6=H=#HQ

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I








M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M



T1F;VYT+69A


Y8CMP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



M
#`U


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



M:7IE.CAP=#L^

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED



#`U




#`U



P
M



#`U


P
M

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




T0G=F5R=&EC




M.'!T.SXR-SDN
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P




F4Z

P

Y8CLG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE







M
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M9VAT.C$R





N






4[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M87)Y:6YG(&)E;F-H;6%R:R!I;F1I8V5S+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




N($%N

@0V%P:71A



2!C;VQS




M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N=US










M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T

@9G5N
M9'








M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL

@




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M

T1V




M
T1T;W`^0VAA;F=E($EN($9A:7(@5F%L=64@3V8@3&5V96P@
R!096YS:6]N
M(%!L86X@07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A

M=W

M/3-$



M



2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M

P

2!C;VQS


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB.V)A8VMG

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


#`U


#`U


P
M
#4S.6([=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&9O;G0@


M.B
P
#4S.6([=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([/F]F('EE87(\+V9O;G0^/]D

P
#4S.6([8F%C

F4Z.'!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC96YT

R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

Y8CMB86-K
M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



G!X





#`U


P



M;&4]

P
M


#`U
SEB.SYP=7)C
M:&%S97
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ


M(S`P-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X.W!A9&1I


F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M

Y8CMT97AT

F4Z.'!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([/GEE

T0G=F5R

3MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M




M;W(Z(V4P93-F


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M9RUT;W`Z


M+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

M;&4]

P
M

T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

#`U
SEB.SXH



#`U



M.B
P

T1V97)T

V8Q.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

#`U



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F




&4S9C$[






'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



#`U




P
#4S.6([/C`N.3PO9F]N=#X\


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

T0Q




#`U

M;&4]

M93!E





B!S

M.B-E

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




Y8CL^
M*#$N


Y8CL^*3PO9F]N






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R




M93!E

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`U



P



3MB

#`U




Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[



#`U


P

P


M/3-$


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

P
#4S.6([)R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ



#`U

M;W(Z(V4P93-F

G!X





#`U

M93-F

#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



Y8CL^

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

P
#4S.6([/B@Q+C4\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





M(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

P
#4S.6([

M;VTZ

3MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P

#`U



M(S`P-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M

M
#`U


P
#4S

P


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P

2!C;VQS




#`U

3MP


M
F4Z.'!T.SX\



Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[8F]R9&5R

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T0G

3)P




3!P=#L^5&AE(&-H86YG92!I;B!F86ER('9A;'5E


@9F]R(#PO9F]N

3
\





T0G


T0Q/CPO=&0^



M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]





#`U

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`U



P


G!X.W!A9&1I



'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.SY96=I;FYI;F<\+V9O
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N

R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

Y8CMP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY



M
#`U

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`U

6QE/3-$
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^56YR96%L:7IE9#PO





6QE




P


G!X












M.SXR












M;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,2XU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M









T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T


\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A




T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]




M9RUT;W`Z





M/3-$


T1V97)T


M;&4]




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]



M

P

2!C;VQS


P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




P
#4S.6([)R!R






M;W1T;VTZ



M
#`U

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`U



P



#`U



P

M-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R




M





M



#`U
SEB



#`U



P



#`U


F4Z.'!T.SXH-2XX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`U



M(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO


#`U




#`U



P
#4S.6([



#`U

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L

#`U
SEB





]
T1R



3!P=#L^


3!P



T0G


T0Q/CPO=&0^


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/]T

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1F




'!T.SXF(S$V

M

38P.SPO


P


T1F;VYT+69A

#M3=&%T97
\

T0G=F5R

M;W`Z

#`U




M(S`P-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X.W!A9&1I



F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]


#`U

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`U



M.CAP=#L^
C`Q

M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED





#`U





3



M

P

3X\9&EV



M


M
#L@<F]W


T1F;VYT
F4Z.'!T.SXU+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^
M/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



M


M







3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[




M;&]R.B-E

G!X




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C0N







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
F4Z.'!T.SXE/]F;VYT





M;&]R.B-E

G!X




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C0N
M







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
F4Z.'!T.SXE/]F;VYT


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

X



M;W`Z




M

M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N
M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^4V%L87)Y('-C86QE/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



M



M07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,RXX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
F4Z.'!T.SXE/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T









M;&4]

RXX









T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N



'!T.SX\9F]N







Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
F4Z.'!T.SXE/]F;VYT/CPO


#`U



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



#`U



2!C;VQS


M-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\9&EV('-T


SPO




M;W1T;VTZ

M



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]



T0G=F5R=&EC


M;&4]


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


T1F;VYT+69A



#`U




3X\
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\

M/3-$=&]P/E!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G



M;G

@5&%B



M($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;G

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O


F4Z,3!P=#L^3W5R('!E;G-I
M;VX@97AP96YS92!W87,@87,@9F]L;&]W<SH\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M861D:6YG/3-$

M;'DZ5&EM97

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
S0E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
!S


M


#`U

M9RUT;W`Z

#`U


M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^56YI=&5D)B
Q-C`[4W1A


M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^26YT97)N871I;VYA;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

R!S='EL


Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X


6QE
M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
C`Q-#PO9F]N




#`U

G!X.W!A

M



P


30\


T0G=F5R


R!S='EL


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z













M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1F;VYT+69A

XP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



T1F;VYT





M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I
M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M















M;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-BXX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M






T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]











T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R

M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




T1F;VYT+69A

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T






T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V













M;W`Z



T1F;VYT

3@N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I








T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('-T








M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


M;&4]

3([



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ





F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M;W`Z







M

M;&]R.B-E






CL\+V9O



2!C;VQS




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L

X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M






M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




T1F;VYT+69A


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M
#L@<F]W


T1F



M;VTZ




F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG




M;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R




T1V


M(&-O;'-P86X]





T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]









T0R

M;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


X
C$R

T1F



M;W1T;VTZ



3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D







CL\+V9O




#`U
SEB





Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N

#`U
SEB.V)A8VMG


M;W1T;VTZ



P

P

2!C




Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L

#`U
SEB.W!A


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD





P



M



P


3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C(Y

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





#`U

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

M;&]R.B-E

Y8CLG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`U

3MP


M
F4Z.'!T.SX\


Y8CMB
M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L




M;VTZ

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

XS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`U





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

M07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-RXS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`U





]

M



2!C


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



2!C;VQS


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

G!X.W!A


#`U



38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^)B



M(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD

F4Z.'!T.SXH
M;6EL;&EO;G,I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0S('-T


#`U

3MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

P


G!X.W!A9&1I



F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]


#`U

M93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT


P


M



F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N
M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^0F5N969I=!O8FQI9V%T:6]N(&%T(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!O

T1F;VYT+69A





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\






3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\



#0N





F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M9RUT;W`Z




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^













M8V]S='

M

M


'0M86QI


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



BXV



M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^16UP;&]Y964@8V]N=')I




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^











3X\9&EV('-T











M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



3X\9&EV('-T


M



M




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#8S+C
\+V9O;G0^







6QE

M93-F



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M;&4]


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M=#HU


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

F4Z.'!T.SY0;&%N
M(&-H86YG97,@86YD(&]T:&5R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


X
C$R

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT





B!S='EL93TS

&4S

M;W1T;VTZ








T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

F4Z
M.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL
F4Z.'!T.SY!8W1U87)I86P@*&=A:6XI(&QO<W
\

T1V97)T

V8Q.W!A





G!X.R!R;W=S






M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M;&5F=#HU


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD

F4Z.'!T.SY














M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[

M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^17AP96YS97




'!T.SX\9F]N


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]






M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M





Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

G!X.W!A9&1I



M86X]


#`U

M93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#4S.6([8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]



M;VTZ



M(S@R

P


P

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




P


M

3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



M
#`U





M-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

2!C




Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I
M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL



M



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





P
#4S.6([8F%C:V=R

P





P
#4S


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

S`T+CD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE













T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US











T1F;VYT





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T







3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A










F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T











3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C@T



T0R

M;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-#0N.#PO9F]N=#X\


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


M




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N


M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X.R!R;W=S





M9RUT;W`Z







M

M;&]R.B-E






\+V9O;G0^




M/3-$


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

3`N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


G!X.W!A9&1I











M



T1V97)T


M;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@



2XU



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ





G!X



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



G!X






M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



T1F

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA
















3



T1V97)T:6-A






G!X.W!A9&1I






M.SXF(S@R



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T0R

M;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#`N.#PO9F]N=#X\





M9RUT;W`Z



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



T0R('-T

M(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


M/3-$




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X




M(V4P93-F

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


#PO



T1F

M('!L86X@87-S971S(&%T(&5N9!O9B!Y96%R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`U

M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-E

Y8CLG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`U

3MP861D


7!X
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N


#`U
SEB.V)A


M
#`U



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T0G=F5R


P
#4S.6([)R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O


M;W1T;VTZ





#`U






M;W`Z



T1F;VYT+69A

#4N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



#`U




#`U



P
#4S



#`U


M-3

#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`U

3MP




P

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T1F





M

T1F

T1F;VYT+69A

S8N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



T1F;VYT+69A


#`U
SEB.W!A9&1I






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M



3!P=#L^)B


M86X]






T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




V8Q.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-E





M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R

T1F;VYT





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T







3X\9&EV





G!X


P

M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[




B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





CL\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T








M.'!T.SXQ-S0N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T







#`U


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R






@87
@;V8@
F4Z,3!P=#L^(&%N9`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P


4[9F]N=US:7IE

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


'!T
M.W=I9'1H.C$P


T0V




M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


P


G!X




P
#4S

M;W1T;VTZ


M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^
M/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A





P



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



M-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\




M


\










M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


#PO





M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



2!C



M

M



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
F4Z.'!T.SXE/]F;VYT




F4Z.'!T.SXR,RXQ/]F;VYT




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
F4Z.'!T.SXE/]F;VYT/CPO




F4Z.'!T.SXQ-RXU/]F;VYT/CPO




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T
F4Z.'!T.SXE/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV








#`U

3MP861D:6YG+7)I




P




P

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N

#`U
SEB.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^





M;VTZ




T0G

G!X('-O;&ED



M
#`N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O




#`N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





:6YE


6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
3(P




3`@9FES8V%L('EE87)S(&%R

M96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A9&1I

3`P)3MB;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P

M/3-$




T0Q
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


P




M;W`Z



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI

R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

Y8CMP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


Y
M8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E




M/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q











3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M/3-$


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O











M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$W/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]





T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




T1F;VYT
F4Z.'!T.SXQ+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^
M/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W`Z




M;W1T;VTZ










CPO9F]N=#X\



3X\9&EV

M



M





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL









B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q








C`R
TR,#(T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV
M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



M;'-P86X]


#`U



M




P



F4Z.'!T.SXS-2XW/]F


#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O




'!X.VQI;F4M

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0V


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]
T0Q

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

P



M




P



M;&4]

!S

R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

Y8CMP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E


G!X



3X\


M;W`Z

M
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



M;W1T;VTZ





N-CPO9F]N







M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


T1V

M;&4]








M




G!X.R!R




G!X



3X\









M


T1V97)T:6-A


M



G!X





G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M



CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



3X\9&EV('-T


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X



CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO






M

M

M86X]



M:7IE.CAP=#L^)B
X


M;VTZ








M;W1T;VTZ

P

M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[


M;&4]

P

M






#`U

M9RUT;W`Z

#`U


P

M;W`Z

#`U


P
#4S.6([8F]R9&5R+71O

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



T1T;W`^0F5N969I=!/8FQI9V%T:6]N
M+!&86ER(%9A;'5E($]F(%!L86X@07-S971S($%N9!296-O;F-I;&EA=&EO
M;B!/9B!$969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;G,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]



3!P=#L^


3!P



M;V8@=&AE('!L86YS)B
X

M)B
Q-C`[

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M/3-$

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#4S





Y
M8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M:'0Z

F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0S


#`U

M;W`Z


#`U



M
C`Q

T1F;VYT+69A
F4Z.'!T.SY#:&%N9V4@:6X@8F5N969I=!O
M8FQI9V%T:6]N.CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
R!S

M.B-E

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M









M.SXQ





B!S='EL

M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;'-P86X]





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



T1F
F4Z.'!T.SXT+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D
M:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL
F4Z.'!T.SY%;7!L;WEE92!C;VYT<FEB=71I;VYS

M07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,BXY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M;W(Z(V4P93-F



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R





T1F

T1F;VYT





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT
F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T


G!X.W!A9&1I



G!X



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



3X\9&EV('-T


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

X






M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

T0Q















M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M



M.CAP=#L^*#(N


















3MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT

G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



P

M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[


#`U
SEB.W!A





Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F


#`U

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F

M;VTZ



P

P

2!C;VQS




Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N

#`U
SEB.W!A9&1I


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@





M;VTZ



M/3-$

M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


G!X



3X\
'0M:6YD96YT.C$S<'@[
M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]



M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



T1F

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA





V8Q.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI

M;&]R.B-E






'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ









M:'0Z




B!S

M.B-E

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






M(&-O;'-P86X]





T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





#`U




3X\

M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[

M;VTZ




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



#`U

G!X.W!A9&1I

2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N
M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






P


Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O
M;&]R.B-E


3X\9&EV('-T


M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[
M/B8C.#(Q

T0G=F5R=&EC







M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^.38N,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[)R!R;W=S





Y8CMP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z.'!T.SXY-XY







M($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;G

M:70@4&QA;G



T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@

]

M

T0G




M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P


T1F;VYT+69A

#M3=&%T97
\
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



M9RUT;W`Z





6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL










6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M



M







G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T
F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$Y/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

F4Z.'!T.SXS,2XW/]F;VYT/CPO





Y
M8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^,C`R,TR

P
#4S















M



M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
30E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


P
#4S.6([

M;VTZ


G!X('-O;&ED

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*&UI;&QI;VYS



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I




T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W`Z




M;W1T;VTZ





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N

M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M



M







G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T
F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$Y/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

F4Z.'!T.SXQ,BXS/]F;VYT/CPO





Y
M8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^,C`R,TR

Y
M8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



]




M



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
SPO9F]N


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



2!C;VQS


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#`U

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`U




30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O





M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB



T0Q/CQD:78@



P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M.CAP=#L^5&%R9V5T)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L



M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q













G!X.R!R;W=S










M960@:6YC;VUE('-E8W5R:71I97

M;&4]

M93!E

G!X.W!A9&1I



3MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT

G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-#$N,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[
M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI

P


T0G=F5R=&EC


M;&4]

\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


T1F;VYT+69A



#`U




3X\

Y
M8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


P


P






M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\

;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D
3-D.#!F
%\S-6
U7S0U
#E?8C-A
5]A
C
V
6
R
M93
X96




]




]

]
T1T97AT

]


]



3!P=#L^


3!P



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T





3!P=#MW:61T
M:#HQ

M9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

3X\+W1D/CPO


M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]





M;W1T;VTZ

P

M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB.V)A

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT


P


M

F4Z
M.'!T.SXR,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0U('-T


#`U

M

M
#`U


C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


P





T1T97AT+6%L



#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V



M;VTZ


M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U





T1T97AT+6%L

T1T97AT

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB.W!A




M;&4]


M(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M










T1F

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X.R!R




3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

M;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C8P


M;VTZ





CPO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV


G!X.R!R;W=S












M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

N
C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO


M

M





M93HQ




3L@



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE








B!S

G!X

M




T1V97)T







T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




T1F;VYT+69A






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O




3MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT

G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C8R


M;VTZ





38\+V9O;G0^









M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@






M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


#`U

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[

P

P





XQ-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[)R!R;W=S





Y8CMP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z








#`U
SEB



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O






!S



CME;F0@;V8@




M

G!X('-O







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T







M-RXV

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R





6QE

#`U


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M

G!X('-O




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM





M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M.SXT.2XV-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A


M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^07-S=6UP=&EO;G

M(%!L86YS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV('-T

M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
'!X.W1E

M



M93HQ
'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P


T0Q


2!C


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P





38P



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

Y8CMP861D:6YG+71O


G!X('-O;&ED

F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U


M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



M;VTZ



M/3-$


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



M.CAP=#L^
XQ(T@



G!X




3X\


G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

XQ(T@
BXR)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXE/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^











M/3-$






M;&4]



3MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
34N-B`M(#(P+C$E



M









T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\











Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-BXQ('EE87)S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^
M/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/'-P86X^/]S



M96EG:'0Z


'!T.SX\

4[9F]N=US

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3!P



M
'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

SDE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



M/3-$



M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D


#`U




#`U



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
M

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

M

P
#4S

M;W1T;VTZ

F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M


#`U

M9RUT;W`Z

#`U


M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



P







#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF




#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O

M


#`U

M9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E











G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA







M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.W!A9&1I








2!C




M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X.R!R;W=S







3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[


G!X.R!R;W=S



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


G!X



M+6-O;&]R.B-E




M


T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT
F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M



M.CAP=#L^


T1V97)T

V8Q.R!R




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



M



M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M.'!T.SXH






M.SXS
2XT

P







Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B-E

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ





M;VTZ

V8Q




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T0G=F5R=&EC


M;&4]

XQ/]F


#`U





6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z






P



6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I

#`U
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M;&4]

7!X

M;&4]

3([

P
#4S.6([

M;VTZ






Y8CMB
M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M/3-$

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD
M+6-O;&]R.B-E



F4Z.'!T.SXU-XQ-SPO

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R

P
#4S.6([)R!R;W=S





Y8CMP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z





3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


M;&4]

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N




3([

T0G=F5R





M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L

#`U
SEB.W!A




2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N

M(S`P-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T0G=F5R








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O






M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




#`U

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



M:7IE.CAP=#L^

P
M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



M:7IE.CAP=#L^

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED




]




T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ







3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M87!S93IC;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q





T0Y



T0Q
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


P


@:6X@;6EL;&EO
M;G


M=&EO;G



M;W1T;VTZ

M



#`U






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#4S.6([8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


G!X

M86X]




M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X.W!A





M=UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([/F%V97)A9V4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL




P






M86X]


#`U

M93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\



M.SY3:&%R97

T0G=F5R=&EC






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M



M



'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R
M.SYL:69E(AY<G

#LF(S$V


'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.SYP<FEC
M928C,38P.R8C,38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S

M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


Y8CLG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

M






M.'!T.SXS-2XW
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



M;W`Z

M
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



M;W1T;VTZ









XP,2`M(0V

M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X.R!R;W=S







M
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



M

M;&]R.B-E










T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.R!R;W=S




M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E








M;&4]
F4Z.'!T.SXV+C<\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.W!A9&1I








#$@+2`D.#`N
#`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


G!X









2XS



3MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
XT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


G!X.W!A



M;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@






M




Y8CMB86-K9W)O
M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



G!X.V)O



P




T0G

G!X('-O;&ED


M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

P
M




M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M






M93!E


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



M:7IE.CAP=#L^-30N

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED


M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

P

M






#`U

M
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


Y8CMP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


P





Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O
M;&]R.B-E



#`U


F4Z.'!T.SXT-2XW,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[8F]R9&5R

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






]

]



M



3!P=#L^02!S=6UM87)Y(&]F('1H92!
5%!0(&%W87)D(&%C=&EV:71Y

@96YD960@3F]V96UB97(F(S$V
#LS

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO


T0V-W!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
W!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-7!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q





#`U
SEB.W!A9&1I



#`U
M




Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X

F4Z.'!T
M.SXR,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U

G!X

#`U
M


C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


3(\

T0G=F5R=&EC



38P.R8C

T0S


#`U

3MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T



M:'1E9TF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I



38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#4S

M;W1T;VTZ






P







M;F4O/F%V97)A9V4\8G(@8VQE87(]





M+6-O;&]R.B-E




M







&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


M93-F

G!X.R!R;W=S






2!C





G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S




3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[






M

M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD




















M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




M




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-C0N-S0\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R





M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M;W`Z



T1F;VYT
F4Z.'!T.SXT-XT-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K
M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O






T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^




M93HQ






3MP861D

M





M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M/3-$



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/B8C
M.#(Q



M



6QE


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\






CL\


!S;VQI





M;VTZ

V8Q



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#


M

G!X('-O




M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

M;&4]

G!X





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


T1F;VYT



P


M

F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`U


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ






P



6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I

#`U
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M

G!X('-O;&ED

P


3X\

P

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

S$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

V8Q











M.'!T.SXV
2XY-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



#`U

G!X

#`U
M

F4Z.'!T.SXS,S0\+V9O;G0^/]D

P


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^






T1F;VYT

2XW
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


P






#`U


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M

G!X('-O

P
#4S






M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ





#`U

7!X('-O




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D
3-D.#!F
M
%\S-6
U7S0U
#E?8C-A
5]A
C
V
6
R93
X96




M97%U:78]


]



M9SY);F-O;64@5&%X97



]


M86QI9VX]

\+W1D/@T*

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97


M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\9&EV
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[;&EN




3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ
#`E

M='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^





30\


T0G=F5R


P



T1F



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N


M;&4]





M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\








G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI

M+6QE9G0Z












3X\


G!X.R!R





F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT




F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z





M/3-$

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



M

T1F;VYT



M



\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I














M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



#`U

M9RUT;W`Z


#`U





P

P


M/3-$

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



30X

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U




#`U

F4Z.'!T.SXQ
M,34N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

Y8CMB

#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




M86X]






T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A


M

G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T

B!S='EL93TS1'9E

&4S9C$[

M;VTZ





M











'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




T1V

V8Q


'0M86QI9VXZ



M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#`N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS



2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N

M

M

M86X]






3X\

M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

B!S

M.B-E

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M(&-O;'-P86X]






G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT








P
#4S.6([)R!R





M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U




#`U

F4Z.'!T.SXH,34N,SPO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

Y8CMP861D:6YG

G!X



M86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C0N,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R


#`U



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]



G!X






P
#4S.6([



#`U
SEB.V)A

3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



#`U


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ


T0G

G!X('-O;&ED

M86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,3,Y+C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P

2!C;VQS




M='

@0F5F



'!T.SY4:&4@8V]M





M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


3X\+W1D/CQT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/]T


#`U




#`U



P
#4S.6([8F%C:V=R;W5N


M(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T

P
#4S.6([

M;VTZ


G!X('-O;&ED

F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO




G!X





38P.SPO





T1F;VYT





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T







3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


S8V+C(\



T1F;VYT




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M





P


G!X.W!A



F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D

P



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F

#`U
SEB


P

P
M

P


3X\9&EV



Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


#`U


Y
M8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O




#`U

G!X

#`U
M

F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P

G!X.W!A

#`U
SEB




#`U


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B



3(P)3MP861D





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[




3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ
M

M)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0W(')O=W-P86X]

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q


3X\+W1D


#`U




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



M(S`P-3




C`Q




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



2!C




M

M



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



G!X.W!A





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



M;F5T(&]F(&9E9&5R86P@8F5N969I='
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


G!X.W!A











M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



2XW



T1F;VYT
F4Z.'!T.SY);G1E<FYA=&EO;F%L('1A

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E




F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/BD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


G!X














G!X



3X\





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO









T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



M:7IE.CAP=#L^)B
X


G!X.R!R;W=S










M+B!M86YU9F%C='5R:6YG(&1E9'5C=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



T1F;VYT+69A

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL











M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



2!C;VQS



T1V

V8Q



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO




F4Z.'!T.SXP+C,\+V9O;G0^/]D

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F



!S;VQI



Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S





Y
M8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


T1F;VYT+69A



P








#`U

M
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T






M/3-$

M(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C(V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


T1F


M;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C8N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O






M9!487@@07-S971S($%N9!



M


M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-S`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT





P

M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I

R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIM:61D

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD
M+6-O;&]R.B-E





F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$T
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#`U

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`U

6QE/3-$
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z





M(V4P93-F

F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D






T1F;VYT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T

M;&5F=#HQ


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


M(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD



M
C

M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

F4Z.'!T.SXR,RXU/]F;VYT









G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^26YV96YT;W)Y/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV
M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M

M86X]



M:7IE.CAP=#L^



M9RUT;W`Z











M:'0Z




M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



T1F

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG







M9&EN9RUT;W`Z









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A




T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G






#`U
SEB.V)A






P



F4Z.'!T.SXH
M,C$N,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

Y8CMP

M;VTZ

F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/BD\+V9O;G0^/]D

P


G!X.W!A



M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M)B





M
#`U

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O












M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE








M


M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




T1F;VYT

CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#4S.6([



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[

M;VTZ


P

P




P

M




Y8CMP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X

V8Q.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

C0P+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

T1F

S`N.3PO9F]N=#X\






M93!E

F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D

P




#`U

M(V4P93-F

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



P


G!X


P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



M+C

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


T1F


]




'!T.SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE

@=&AE(&%C=&EV:71Y(')E;&%T960@=&\@;W5R(&=R;W-S

#L^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C



M;CTS1#$P(')O=W-P86X]

T0Q
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@





#`U

G!X


#`U



P



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIM

Y8CMP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


Y
M8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E

P








M






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



M





F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M9RUT;W`Z

6QE/3-$


M

M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



M
S
N



M:'0Z





M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M


T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.R!R;W=S





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


3`N
SPO



M


T1V97)T:6-A






3X\9&EV('-T


CPO



M










M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M








M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



M



T1F
F4Z.'!T.SY3971T;&5M96YT<SPO







M





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\









XQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]






G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL
F4Z.'!T.SY&;W)E:6=N(&-U<G)E;F-Y('1R86YS



P

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

F4Z
M.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U

G!X


M

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
XR/]F;VYT


#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M/D)A;&%N8V4@870@3F]V96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




P


P

P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M




#`U

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N

#`U
SEB.W!A9&1I

2!C



M

G!X('-O




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D
3-D.#!F
M
%\S-6
U7S0U
#E?8C-A
5]A
C
V
6
R93
X96




M97%U:78]


]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M16%R;FEN9W

T0Q/C$R($UO;G1H





M($]U='-T86YD:6YG/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A

M8W5L871I;VX@;V8@8F%S:6
@86YD(&1I;'5T960@96%R;FEN9W


@96YD960@3F]V96UB97(@

M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[9F]N





T0Q


2!C


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P





M(S`P-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X.W!A9&1I



F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]


#`U

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`U



M.CAP=#L^
C`Q

M

T1V97)T




3([8F%S:6

T1V

V8Q




M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




T1F;VYT+69A

S(N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ








T1F;VYT+69A



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M



3!P=#L^)B


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


&4S9C$[

M;VTZ





3PO9F]N=#X\







T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



T1F
F4Z.'!T.SXQ+C8\+V9O;G0^/]D
M:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]




X




M93!E

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`U




Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
M

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






S
N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P


G!X.V)O


!S;VQI

P
#4S.6([)R!R;W=S







3!P=#LG/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M9&5D($YO=F5M8F5R(#



M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



2!C;VQS


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



T0G=F5R






#`U





3

M;&4]

7!X

P

3X\9&EV('-T



#$R


#`U
SEB



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


P
#4S.6([8F%C:V=R

P




P
M





M-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\9&EV('-T


SPO



M9#@P9C!?
S5C-5\T-3`Y7V(S83%?83(S-C%C
F4S.&5C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V0Q
V0X
&8P7S
U8S5?-#4P.5]B
V$Q7V$R
M
S8Q8S)E




^+RH@1&\@


$5+



3XQ
B!-;VYT
M:'







M=6QE($]F(%-E9VUE;G0@4F5P;W)T:6YG($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N/]T9#X-B`@



M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\9&EV('-T
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[;&EN92UH




3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ
#`E.V)O

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$




M=&@]
T0Q

M=&@]



M



M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]







P

M/3-$





M1#


M;VTZ

P

3X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL
F4Z.'!T.SYS96=M96YT<SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\








3MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M











M-3

M

P
#4S




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




#`U



M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




3X\
6QE/3-$

M


M/3-$




M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M


M-3




P
#4S.6([/C0L




3X\

M+6-O;&]R.B-E



G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N




M;&]R.B
P


M93-F



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M;&4]

M93!E

G!X.W!A9&1I

6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^










M;&]R.B
P
#4S.6([/B8C.#(Q

M;&4]

M93!E





B!S

M.B-E

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




Y8CL^



M/3-$






G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T






M.'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#4S.6([/C$N


T0R

M;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


#`U
SEB



P
#4S.6([/B8C.#(Q
CL\+V9O;G0^




M/3-$


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M


Y8CL^





P


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



M;W`Z



M



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M

M


'0M86QI






M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M(V4P93-F



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]

M


#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M




#`U
SEB.SXF(S@R


M;&4]

P
M
#4S.6([/B8C.#(Q

T1V

V8Q




B!S='EL93TS

&4S

M;W1T;VTZ




M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






P
#4S.6([/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


#`U
SEB.SXR

M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

#`U
SEB.SXT+#0Q-XS/]F;VYT/CPO




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M;W`Z


'!E;F1I='5R97


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


G!X






M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

P
#4S.6([/C$S


P



P




Y8CMB
M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M/3-$

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD
M+6-O;&]R.B-E




P

P
#4S.6([



#`U

3LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S





B!S='EL


Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X

F4Z.'!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([/C$P,BXW/]F;VYT/CPO


#`U

M;W(Z(V4P93-F
3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R








G!X.R!R;W=S


M93HQ



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B





F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/DYE=!S










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O


M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]











'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








M


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


G!X





M/3-$


T1V97)T


M;'-P86X]





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




T1F;VYT+69A

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T






T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M;&4]


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^





F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/D=O;V1W:6QL
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M;W`Z




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M




M




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N



3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[

T1V97)T:6-A







M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O



T1F


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL










T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R






M


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

34N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ










P


M/3-$

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z





M;&4]

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N



P
#4S





B!S='EL


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





Q+C(\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T









#`U


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M.CAP=#L^
C`Q

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z











M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
2PU.3@N.3PO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV


G!X.R!R;W=S




#$T+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F






M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A








B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@



3(R



T0R



F4Z.'!T.SXU-S@N,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



T1F

SPO9F]N=#X\



G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

M

M

M86X]



M:7IE.CAP=#L^



M






M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M







B!S

G!X

M



M.CAP=#L^


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T



3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C$L



M






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT






M





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[







N


M;W1T;VTZ




F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F


T1F

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


#`U
M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



Y
M8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z








M93HQ



P


3X\


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$


T0G=F5R




P
#4S.6([)R!R;W=S





M-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z








M86UI;'DZ5&EM97


M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




M('-E='1L96UE;G0@*'=H:6-H('=E('5S92!T;R!M96%S=7)E('-E9VUE;G0@


M:6]N.FYO;F4[/DYO=F5M8F5R(#



'!T.SX@:7
@87


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


'!T.W=I9'1H
M.C4Q

M9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0W(')O=W-P86X]




M/3-$


M/3-$

T1F




M1#


M;VTZ

P

3X\



M.SXR


M;W`Z


M9VXZ;&5F=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z









&4S9F$[





G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S




3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[
M/C4Y



3X\9&EV('-T


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[
M8V]L;W(Z(S`P-3



M


T1V97)T:6-A


T1F;VYT+69A

P

Z





M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#4S.6([/B8C.#(Q
CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

T1F


P


G!X.W!A





Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

P
#4S.6([)R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ



#`U


G!X




P

P

M/3-$




Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I

#`U
M


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T0G=F5R




T1T;W`^

M93HQ

M='



M


M=VED=&@Z

3



M/3-$

T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



3X\


#`U




#`U




P


M



F4Z.'!T.SY5;FET960\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I





M-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT




M/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q






P
#4S.6([/C(P
30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T






'0M86QI9VXZ


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\


T1V97)T

V8Q.W!A


#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V

V8Q


#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M

M


#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M

V8Q








M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



Y8CL^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

T1F;VYT

P
#4S.6([/CDS
M








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^



Y8CL^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

T1F

P
#4S.6([








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O



Y8CL^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M

P
#4S
M.6([/C0L

T1V97)T

V8Q.R!R




Y
M8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M:'0Z


\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L




M93!E

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT


#`U
SEB.SXQ


#`U
SEB

3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




P

P
#4S.6([

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[)R!R





M(S`P-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E





P



M:'0Z





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M



3!P=#L^)B





M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



BPS




2!C;VQS



M;VTZ





6QE/3-$=&5X=UA







M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[








M93HQ




P



6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L

#`U




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

T1F

CPO9F]N=#X\

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



M;VTZ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



P


3X\9&EV('-T


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$R/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B




M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I
M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^3F5T('-A;&5S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^





G!X




3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]






M










T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




#`U




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[
M/C$L

T0G=F5R=&EC






#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC


T1F;VYT+69A

3@N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

BPU-C8N


S5C-5\T-3`Y7V(S83%?
M83(S-C%C
F4S.&5C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V0Q
M
V0X
&8P7S
U8S5?-#4P.5]B
V$Q7V$R
S8Q8S)E

M+U-H965T-#

M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L


M86YC92!3:&5E=!!;F0@0V%S:!&;&]W($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N/]T9#X-B`@



M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ









M


T0Q


Y
M8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
F4Z.'!T.SXH;6EL;&EO
M;G,I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U

3MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


Y8CLG
M(')O=W-P86X]



P



M:'0Z






M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R



M








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M;'

T1F

3`N-CPO9F]N=#X\





#`U
SEB



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`U

M

&4S





Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
M


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



M;W1T;VTZ

M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T0G=F5R=&EC




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


P
M






G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


G!X.W!A9&1I

&4S9C$[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

M(V4P93-F

G!X.R!R




\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]




P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB.V)A

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[
M/C$Q


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



T1F;VYT+69A

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




P
#4S.6([8F%C:V=R



#`U

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P






G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T







G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]





M(V4P93-F



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]






3X\

M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV




M;W`Z


M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



T1F

SPO9F]N=#X\

M
#L@<F]W


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M



M.CAP=#L^

T1V97)T

V8Q.R!R




B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@



CDR



T1F




T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


G!X.W!A

F4Z.'!T.SXW-2XP/]F;VYT/CPO




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




#`U

M;&5F=#HQ



3X\

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U

M;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z












#`U





6QE/3-$9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F]R

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X




F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ







M.SXV
#(N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M93HQ



T1F;VYT











M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^26YV97-T;65N
M='






M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

G!X.W!A9&1I


M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N















M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C$Q
M







6QE/3-$=&5X=UA




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




T0R






3X\


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M



M-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E





M
#`U

3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T


#`U

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM





3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C
T
M




#`U

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



M
#`U





W


M



M




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT
F4Z.'!T.SY087ER;VQL(&%N9!E;7!L

M93!E




M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E




M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
















M


SPO9F]N


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM







3DN
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



#`U
M




M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I
M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

M

7!X('-O







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





M;VTZ

P
#4S.6([)R!R;W=S







M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO



V8Q


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

M+6-O;&]R.B-E




M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M









M.SXQ
#$N





M

M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^.#DN-3PO9F]N


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI





\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T






M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



SDN
M

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



M87@@8F5N969I='


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


G!X.W!A

F4Z.'!T.SXT-RXS/]F;VYT/CPO




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




#`U

M;&5F=#HQ



3X\

P

M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-#$N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[)R!R;W=S





M-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z








M93HQ



P


M

3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



M
#`U





M-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

2!C




Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I
M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL



M

F4Z.'!T.SXT,3DN.3PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


3!P=#L^

M




3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

P








P

3X\9&EV



M



Y
M8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



M;VTZ



M/3-$
6QE

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

M;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C8W



M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S




3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[







'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


G!X










3L@



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L






3X\


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I





P


P

P
#4S

M;W1T;VTZ



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





P


3X\9&EV




@3V8@06-C=6UU

;W-S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


I

3(P)3MP


M





3!P=#MM

M.3




3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


Y8CLG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXH;6EL;&EO;G,I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV
M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB.V)A8VMG

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



P




M;W`Z
F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$S/]F



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B





M+6QE9G0Z












3X\


G!X.R!R











M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F









2!C




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL




M96UE;G0@8V]S='


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


G!X.W!A









M




G!X

P


M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T0G

G!X('-O;&ED


T0G=F5R=&EC




Y
M8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


P
#4S





Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N

#`U
SEB.W!A9&1I


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



M

P

M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[
M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L


V0X
&8P7S
U8S5?-#4P.5]B
V$Q7V$R
S8Q
M8S)E


]
M

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


3(@

S`L(#(P



]


]

]

T0G9F]N




M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^



F(S$V

#MP
M97(F(S$V


Q-C`[)B

M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^4V5C;VYD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]


#`U

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`U




@


M

P

3X\9&EV




T1V

V8Q.W!A







M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M:'0Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\






M:'0Z






M93-F


M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M

F4Z
M.'!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([/CDY,RXT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M;W(Z(V4P93-F



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V


Y




P
#4S.6([/C$L
#
S+C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


M
#`U


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



M;&]R.B
P

T1V

V8Q

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`U
SEB.SXQ+#$W



Y8CL^1W)O


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]




M;&]R.B
P


M93-F



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M;&4]

M93!E

G!X.W!A9&1I

6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^






F4Z.'!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([/C$U-RXS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M9RUT;W`Z



M93-F



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M

V8Q






M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M/3-$


Y8CL^.#(N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


#`U
M






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T

V8Q.W!A



F4Z.'!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([/C$R,BXY/]F;VYT




M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T







Y8CL^0F%S:6
@96%R;FEN9W










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]







'!T.SX\9F]N




M
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`U




Y8CL^




M.V-O;&]R.B
P

M;&4]

M93!E





B!S

M.B-E

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




Y8CL^
M

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M9RUT;W`Z






#`U
SEB.SY$:79I9&5N9'



M93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


T0S

M;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M



3!P=#L^)B



#`U
SEB.SY#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL@


M(V4P93-F



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


G!X.W!A









M(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD




#`U
SEB.SXP+C


Y8CL^36%R:V5T('!R:6-E)B
X
C$R.T-O;6UO

R!S

M.B-E

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M/3-$

M+6-O;&]R.B-E



G!X.R!R;W=S


M93HQ

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R


Y8CL^2&EG:#PO9F]N=#X\




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P












'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


CM#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL@3F]N+59O=&EN9SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M





38P

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P-3











'!T.SX\9F]N




M;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

M;&4]

P
M



P


M86X]


#`U

M93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




Y8CL^-C8N
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#4S.6([8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


G!X


M


#`U
M
SEB.SXV-2XW.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T






M;&]R.B
P




3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO





T1V97)T:6-A







M;&4]







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M









M.SXQ+#$W



3X\9&EV

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]



3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[
M/C
V




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL









6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

M

3(N
#PO9F]N



3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N
M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^3F5T(&EN8V]M93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M;&4]




3X\9&EV

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
F4Z.'!T.SY87-I8R!E




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL







3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C`N




M9W



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

F4Z.'!T.SXP+CDX/]F









M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V








M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA




G!X.R!R;W=S




T1V




M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$

B!S

G!X

M





T1V97)T


M;'-P86X]




F4Z.'!T.SXW-XV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ






M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ






M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R





G!X



M93HQ





3([0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K($YO;BU6;W1I


T1V



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M




M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M
F4Z.'!T.SXW-XW-CPO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M




3X\9&EV('-T


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M





P


M/3-$

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z






P




Y
M8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


P

M/3-$




M:'0Z


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE
M+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[



M8VEA;!C:&%R9V5S(&]F(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M

'!T.SXD
BXS(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^


3!P
F4Z,3!P=#L^)#(N.2!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T



M:6UP86-T(&]F('1H97-E(&-H87)G97

T1F;VYT

3!P=#L^)#(N

'!T.SXD
M
XP,3PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O

'!T.SX@9F]R('1H92!T:&ER9!Q=6%R=&5R(&%N9`\+V9O


M
3!P=#L^)#`N






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


'!T.SXD
C4N
!M:6QL:6]N/]F


M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#$U+C
@




4[9F]N=US:7IE



3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ
W!X


M

3!P=#L^16%R;FEN9W
@



3-D
M.#!F
%\S-6
U7S0U
#E?8C-A
5]A
C
V
6
R93
X96


M(&-O;G1E;G0]



T0S


#$T/&)R/CPO

C`Q
CQB

]





M='

]


]
T1R;SX-


#`N




M


]

]





]



]



M9&EN9W

]
T1T97AT


T1T

M4&]L:6-I97


]

@*&EN


]


]


]

]
M









]

]
M

]
M

M:65S(%M



]

]


]


]












]

M86QI9VX]







]

M;&EV97


]






]
M

]
M

]


I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X




M4&%R=%]D
3-D.#!F
%\S-6
U7S0U
#E?8C-A
5]A
C
V
6
R93
X96





T0T/C$R($UO;G1H


]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#

S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#













]
T1N







M8VEF:6



]


]


]


]

]


]


]


]



]

]


]


]







]

R!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

SXQ
B!-
M;VYT:'




T0Q/C
@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^075G+B`S
2P@

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S,P@
C`Q

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@

MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#,Q+`R
#$U/&)R/CPO=&@^



]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^4W!E8VEA;!C:&%R9V5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@







]

:6YE


]


]


]




]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^
M
C`Q



]


]


]


]

]
M











]











\

]


]






3
@26YD

]


]


]


]



@

]









]


]


]


]







M;7`^

]
M

]
M

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^4W!E8VEA;!C:&%R9V5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L





@=71I;&EZ960\

]


]
T1R:#X-

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M


]
T1R




























@;&EA8FEL:71Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@






]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4W!E8VEA;!C




]
T1T

]
T1T


M


]


]


]


]



]
T1R












]


]


]


]









]












M97

]


]
T1R:#X-



]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^14U%02!\($%N;G5A;!#;W-T(%-A=FEN9W


]


]


]


]



]











]

\+W1D

]


]


]


]


]





















]


]


]


]


]










]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^54Y)5$5$(%-4051%4R!\($%N;G5A;!#;W-T(%-A=FEN9W
@6TUE

]


]


]


]


]













]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T


]














]


]


]


]


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4W!E8VEA;!C:&%R9V5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D












]


]


]


]




]
T1R:#X-



]


]


]


]


]





















]
T1T


]

@6TUE;6)E

]


]


]


]


]
















]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T


]
T1R93X-



RXQ/'-P







M;F1I='5R97

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]












]

\

]


]


]


]



]











]

M=!;365M8F5R72!\(%5.251%1!35$%415

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


]

3





]

:6YE($ET


]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1N













]


]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4W!E8VEA;!C:&%R9V5S








3-D.#!F
%\S-6
U
M7S0U
#E?8C-A
5]A
C
V
6
R93
X96



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]




]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#
P+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S


]


]


]





3





V0X
&8P7S
U
M8S5?-#4P.5]B
V$Q7V$R
S8Q8S)E







]




I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@
M36EL;&EO;G

C`Q-#QB

#$S

]
T1R

M;&4@07-S971S(%M











]
T1R;SX-

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$L-CDU+C



L

SQS


]



]



]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]










T1T;W`^0G)A;F0@3F%M
M97

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^



]

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@


M/5].97AT4&%R=%]D
3-D.#!F
%\S-6
U7S0U
#E?8C-A
5]A
C
V
6
R93
X
M96



M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I9FEE9#PO

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R

#$T/&)R/CPO

C`Q
CQB

]




2PW
C(N


]

]
M

]
M

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^0F5G:6YN:6YG(&]F('EE87(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]








M86QI9VX]

]
T1N







]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^







]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]



]

]







]
T1N=6UP/B0@



V0X
&8P7S
U
M8S5?-#4P.5]B
V$Q7V$R
S8Q8S)E







]





#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S,P@
C`Q


]

]


]


]








]



M;B!A;F0@061V86YC97


]



T1T;W`^4&5R8V5N







@6TUE;6)E

]







]
T1T


M










2XP



V0X
&8P7S
U8S5?-#4P.5]B
V$Q7V$R
S8Q8S)E
SAE8PT*



]

M:60]


^

M
S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V
M+B`S

]
T1T:#Y.
M;W8N(#






]





]
T1N=6UP




T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN8V]M93PO

]





]







M


]
M







M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9#$S9#@P9C!?
S5C-5\T-3`Y7V(S83%?83(S-C%C
F4S

O4VAE970U
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]



]

]



CY.;W8N(#

S`L
M(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`S
M


T1T;W`^


]





]
T1N=6UP/C0P+C



]



]




]











]




C`R
2!;365M8F5R




]


]

]
M

]

]



]



]



]


]
T1T


M
T1T;W`^
RXU


]

]
M

]







]
M




]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@






#$S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\



]
T1N=6UP/C
N
S`E/'-P








]
M





M1&YU;7`^



]

M86QI9VX]




]
T1T


M


]
T1T97AT/C(P

M87-S/3-$=&5X=#XR


N
M-3`E($YO=&5S($1U92`R
#(S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\





]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


RXU

]
M

]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&5B=!I



]



C4P


]
T1F

]
T1N=6UP/C4N
C4E/'-P86X^


C`Q
M

]




]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]

]
T1P



M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@










M1&YU;7`^




]


]


]

]


]


M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\




]

]
T1F;CX\

]



]

]






]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]














C4P(&UI;&QI;VX@;F]T97
@870@82!W96EG:'1E


#$S

M)#(U

N

M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9#$S9#@P9C!?
S5C-5\T-3`Y7V(S83%?
M83(S-C%C


M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4





B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@


M;CTS1#(^3F]V+B`S


]

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@

S`L(#(P
3







]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S





]
T1F;CX\+W1D


]

L('1O


]
T1N=6UP/C(Q







]







]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^56YA;6]R=&EZ960@9&ES8V]U;G1S
M(&%N9!F86ER('9A;'5E(&%D:G5S=&UE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



;VYG+71E

]
T1F;CX\

]


]

M86QI9VX]



2PP

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X

M=&]P/C
N-3`E($YO=&5S($1U92`R








]




]

]
M


T1T;W`^3F]T97
@
M4&%Y86)L92P@3W1H97(@4&%Y86)L97

















]

]
M


RXU



]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XR

]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^3F]T97
@4&%Y86)L92P@3W1H97(@4&%Y86)L97
@6TUE



M(%M







M





]


]

]
T1R

M97
@1'5E(#(P

]
M

]



M:&]R=!497)M(&%N9!

]



]

]
M

]


]
T1N=6UP/C(P



]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*




]



]

M



]







#$W(%M-

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S




]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP
M/C(U





]


T1T

]
T1T97AT/C(P

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&5X=#XR



N.3`E
M($YO=&5S($1U92`R
#(Q(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L









]


]
T1N=6UP/C(U







]



]








]






]






]
T1T97AT/C(P



]
T1F;CX\+W1D







]



]

M

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]




]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C(U

]



]


]


]



]

]
T1P

#$Q(%M-96UB97)=

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X



]




]


]
6%B;&5S(%M-96UB97)=('P@
M26YT97)E<W0@4F%T92!3=V%P(%M-96UB97)=('P@-2XR,4@3F]T97
@1'5E
M(#(P

]
T1F;CX\

]




]



]

]
T1T97AT

]

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@








N
S`E+CPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN97)&;V]T;F]T93X-


@9'5E
M(&EN(#(P
34@:7
@969F96-T:79E;'D@8V]N=F5R=&5D('1O(&$@=F%R:6%B

M0D]2(&UI;G5S(#`N

C`Q-!W87,@,XQ.24I
M+CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN97)&


L('-E='1L960@=7!O;B!T:&4@:7-S=6%N8V4@;V8@=&AE

@:6X@
C`P-RP@969F96-T:79E;'D@9FEX960@=&AE(&EN=&5R



M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^6S1=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]


M



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D
3-D.#!F
%\S-6
U7S0U
#E?8C-A
M
5]A
C
V
6
R93
X96

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J









M



]

]
T1N=6UP/C(U


]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-34Y+C4\

V0X
M
&8P7S
U8S5?-#4P.5]B
V$Q7V$R
S8Q8S)E






]

T1)1#!%-41!



]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#


@



]

]
T1N=6UP/C$W

M=&]P/C(P


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+C


M






3-D.#!F
M
%\S-6
U7S0U
#E?8C-A
5]A
C
V
6
R93
X96

M;G1E;G0]



]


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

C`Q



]









P


]



#`L



]

















#0L
M.3`P+#`P

]



M87-S/3-$=&5X=#XQ
B!M;VYT:'




M





]


]



]

]
M

]


]


T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV92P@3F]T:6]N



#`L
M
#`P+#`P


M9VX]








]


]








]

#`L








]


]

]
T1P

]


]



T1T;W`^36EN:6UU;2!;








M:'

M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XQ(&UO;G1H/'-P





]


]



:6YE($ET96US



]


]
T1N=6T^*#DL
#`P+#`P


]




M
RXS


]
























C`E
M($UE9&EU;2U497)M($YO=&5S($1U92`R
#$U(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@







]
M

]
M

]

#`L











M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]D,3-D.#!F,%\S-6,U7S0U,#E?
M8C-A,5]A,C,V,6,R93,X96,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO9#$S9#@P9C!?
S5C-5\T-3`Y7V(S83%?83(S-C%C

M:&5E='

T0G=&5X




]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#
P

M
S`L(#(P
3


L($9A:7(@5F%L=64@6TQI;F4@271E;7-=

]
M


]






]







M8FEL:71I97

]
T1T

]

]
T1T97AT


T1T


]
T1N=6UP/C`\






@


M86QI9VX]











T1T;W`^




S5C
M-5\T-3`Y7V(S83%?83(S-C%C

O4VAE970U.2YH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



^

M
S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V
M+B`S

]
T1T:#Y.
M;W8N(#


L($=A:6X@*$QO

I(%M







M72!\($EN=&5R97-T(%)A=&4@0V]N=')A8W1S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@






]

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9#$S9#@P9C!?
S5C-5\T-3`Y7V(S83%?
M83(S-C%C

O4VAE970V

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4




]




#$S/&)R

]
T1R:#X-

]
T1T

]
T1T

]


]


]

]
T1P








@

]



T1T;W`^/'-T

;W-S*2!;3&EN

]
T1T


M


]




@6TUE;6)E










]



]






I
M(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@3T-)/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$




]
T1P



]






]
T1N=6T^*#$N


\


M=&]P/D]T:&5R($%C8W)U960@3&EA8FEL:71I97


M;65N='

I(%M






]


]


]






L($=A:6X@

I(%M






]




V0X
&8P7S
U8S5?-#4P
M.5]B
V$Q7V$R
S8Q8S)E






]

T1)1#!%6#%!13X-B`@(`@(#QT

M='

S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S


:6YE



]
T1N=6UP/C$Q






2PP

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C$L

2PQ
#(N-#QS

]







M(%)A=&4@1&5R:79A=&EV97
L(&%T($9A:7(@5F%L=64L($YE=#PO=&0^#0H@









2XQ/'-P86X^




]
M

]



M9VX]

]

]
M


M9VX]





M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]D,3-D.#!F,%\S-6,U7S0U,#E?8C-A,5]A
M,C,V,6,R93,X96,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9#$S
M9#@P9C!?
S5C-5\T-3`Y7V(S83%?83(S-C%C

O
M4VAE970V
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQS


M8FEL:71I97

M0F%S:7


]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#
P+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@





]


]


]

]


]
T1R


]



]















]
T1R93X-

]
T1N=6UP/C`\









M;7`^

]



]
T1R974^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]

]
T1N=6UP/C`\


]

]





]

M:6]N(%M




]







]


M
3(N

]







]

]
T1N


]


]







]

]





M1&YU;7`^

]



]
T1R93X-

]
T1N










]



]
M



3-D.#!F
M
%\S-6
U7S0U
#E?8C-A
5]A
C
V
6
R93
X96

M;G1E;G0]




SXQ
B!-;VYT:'

M

]
T1T:#Y.;W8N
M(#

M=BX@
S`L(#(P




]





M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$N













]
M





]









]



3@N
3QS

]

M8V%T:6]N($%D:G5S=&UE;G0@9G)O;2!!3T-)+!096YS:6]N(&%N9!/=&AE

M*2!

]
T1N=6T^*#4N

M/B@Q


]






]




]

]
T1N=6UP/C




]




]








]


]


]





;W-S*2!2


]


]

]

]


]



]

XS/'-P86X^/]S








]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^



V0X
&8P7S
U8S5?-#4P.5]B
V$Q7V$R
S8Q
M8S)E


]
M






C`Q

]
M


;W-S(&]N('9O;'5N=&%R


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
34N


S
P






]



]




]
T1N=6UP/C



]
M
T1N=6UP/C(N


]


]


]









]


]


]




\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@





]



]

M=&5X=#XR


C`R









]
T1T


M

34N


]
T1R;SX-

]







2XX/'-P

CDN


]



]
T1N=6UP/C`N


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F5N969I=!O

C@N


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$U
BXQ/'-P

M


T1T





T1T;W`^06-C=6UU;&%T960@8F5N

]
M
T1N=6UP/C4S



M='
@:6X@97%U:71Y('-E8W5R:71I97





]
T1T

]
T1T

]





T1T;W`^





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C`N
SQS

]
T1N=6UP

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^0F5N969I=!O8FQI9V%T:6]N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L






]

]
T1P






M;75L871E9!B96YE9FET(&]B;&EG871I;VX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]
T1N=6UP/C
Q


]





]
T1R:#X-


]












]


]




]



\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M($UC0V]R;6EC:R!S=&]C:R!H96QD(&EN('!L86X@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@




M;F1I=&EO;B!O9B!P;&%N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

#`N






RXP




]




]
T1N=6UP/C(N














]







]




2XR*3QS




]
T1T


M



]









]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]


]


]




]

M

]
M

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^1&EV:61E;F1S('!A:60\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1N=6UP/B0@



V0X
&8P7S
U8S5?-#4P.5]B
V$Q7V$R
S8Q
M8S)E


]
M





^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N

S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S

]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#
P+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@


M4&QA;G

]
T1T97AT


T1T




]
T1N=6UP/C


M=&EO;G
@57-E9!#86QC=6QA=&EN9R!.970@4&5R:6]D:6,@0F5N969I=!#
M;W-T+!2871E(&]F($-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B!);F-R96%S93PO=&0^#0H@(`@

RXX


]
T1N=6UP/C



]
T1N=6UP/C@N




]

]


]


]

M;F5F:70@4&QA;BP@07-S=6UP=&EO;G
@57-E9!#86QC=6QA=&EN9R!96YE




T1T;W`^56YI=&5D(%-T871E







]
M



T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!




]
T1N=6UP/C4N-#`E/'-P86X^




]



M4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M









]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26YT97)N871I;VYA;!096YS:6]N(%!L86YS(%M-


]



M;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M

]
T1N
M=6UP/C













]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C`N

M;G-I;VX@4&QA;G





]

]


]



]

RXP

]
T1N=6UP/C
N
#`E




]

]
T1T

]
T1T

]

M;7`^
RXX


]
T1N=6UP/C

M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]D
3-D.#!F
%\S-6
U7S0U
#E?8C-A
5]A
C
V
6
R
M93
X96






@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I9FEE


]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#

S`L(#(P
M
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S


T1T;W`^/'-T

:6YE($ET


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]


]
T1N=6UP/C`N


]



]


]
T1T97AT


T1T
M;W`^3W1H97(@4&]S=')E=&ER96UE;G0@0F5N969I='


]




M($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M






]
T1N=6UP/C


]



M+C














]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4W!E8VEA;!T97)M:6YA=&EO;B!B

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@P+C$I

]





]


]


]





]
T1N





S$N


]

S@N

]
M
T1N=6T^*#





T1T;W`^





]






]


]




]




]


BXX/'-P86X^



]





]


]









]


T1T;W`^3W1H97(\+W1D/@T*




T1T;W`^5&]T86P@97AP96YS


\





]



M
SXQ
B!-;VYT:'


]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#

S`L(#(P
3(\



]


]

]
M

]


M='


]





]







]








]
M

]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V




M9SY$969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;BP@0VAA;F=E(&EN($)E;F5F:70@3V)L


]
T1N=6UP

M1&YU;7`^-S






\+W1D/@T*




T1T;W`^06-T=6%R

]
T1N







S4N

]
T1P

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]


]
T1T97AT

]




]

]



]

]
T1N=6T^

M1&YU;3XH


]

]
T1N=6UP/C4W-BXS

M-34R+C




]



]



]

]




M4&QA;G

]
T1T97AT


T1T



]
T1N=6UP/C




]





]


BXX










]
T1N=6UP






]




]
T1T

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^0F5N969I=!O8FQI9V%T:6]N(&%T(&5N9!O9B!Y96%R/]T9#X-

]
T1N=6UP/C
P-XY/'-P86X^/]S

]
M


@870@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&]F('EE87(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@




]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@





]


]

2XU/'-P

2XW



]
M








]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C(T-RXV/'-P86X^



]
T1T

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^06-C=6UU;&%T960@8F5N969I=!O8FQI9V%T:6]N/]T9#X-B`@






]
M










]


]
M
T1N=6UP/C$Q




]
T1N=6UP/C4N



]



]

]
T1N=6UP/C(N

]
T1T

]





]
T1T

]




]



]

]


]
M


]



T1T;W`^06-T=6%R:6%L(AG86EN*2!L;W-S/]T


]


]

]
T1N=6T^*#@N


]


]




]

]


]



]














M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]D
3-D.#!F
%\S-6
U7S0U
#E?8C-A
5]A
C
V
6
R
M93
X96


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#









M;G-I;VX@4&QA;G

]
M

]







]




]




]
M


M9VX]

M=7)E(%M


M=!$969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;G,L($QI86)I;&ET:65S+!.;VYC=7)R







]
T1N=6UP/C$Y+C




]

S5C-5\T-3`Y7V(S
M83%?83(S-C%C
F4S.&5C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+V0Q
V0X
&8P7S
U8S5?-#4P.5]B
V$Q7V$R
S8Q8S)E


M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$5!14)'/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M

M;G


]
T1T


]


M

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S


]



M:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M





M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^17%U:71Y('-E8W5R:71I97


]



]

]



T1T;W`^/'-T

:6YE($ET






]

]
T1T97AT

]


]


]


T1T;W`^17%U:71Y('-E8W5R:71I97
L($%C='5A;#PO










]







]

M







]

]



]

N
#`E






]


]


RXR




]








]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^17%U
M:71Y('-E8W5R:71I97,L($%C='5A;#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S






]



;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D
3-D.#!F
%\S-6
U7S0U
#E?8C-A
5]A
C
V
6
R93
X
M96



]




@



C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L




]







]
T1F;CX\

]






]


]




]

]



]

]
T1T97AT

]


]


]







M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X






]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

T1T;W`^56YI=&5D(%-T871E







]

]
T1F;CX\


M9B!P96YS:6]N('!L86X@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]
T1N=6UP/C4U
M


]
T1R




]

]
M

]


]






M='





]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]



M:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M








]

M=&5S(%!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G
@;V8@55


]

]



]

]
M

]



C

]
M

]






M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\



M;FET960@4W1A=&5S(%!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G
@;V8@55



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S






@;V8@55
@16YT









]


]


T1T;W`^1F%I









M72!\(%4N4RX@17%U:71Y(%-E8W5R:71I97







]

]
T1F;CX\


M9B!P96YS:6]N('!L86X@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S











]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]


M

M(%M





]
T1N=6UP



]

]

]



]

]
M

]


]


]


]



]

]
T1F



M969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M
:6YE($ET96US73PO

]
T1N=6UP/C$Q

]





]


]

]
M

]


]





]


]

]
M

]


]


M($AI9V@@66EE;&0@0F]N9'


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D



M($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M




]
T1N=6UP/C


]



]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]



M:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M








]
T1N=6UP/C



]

]
M







M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@




]
T1F

]
M








M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X






]


]





]

]



]

]
T1T97AT

]


]






]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]

M86QI9VX]

M;&]S=7)E(%M






]
M
T1N=6UP/C$N






@;V8@55
@

M($]F($9U;F1S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$






]


]


T1T;W`^1F%I






M72!\($AE9&=E($9U;F0@3V8@1G5N9'


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S





]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D



M96YS:6]N('!L86X@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$




M17%U:71Y($9U;F1S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@





]


]


T1T;W`^




]


]


]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]




M9VX]


]

]
M

]



]


]

]
T1F




]


]


T1T;W`^

:6YE



]
T1N=6UP/C`N-CQS

]



]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26YT97)N871I;VYA;!096YS:6]N(%!L86YS
M(%M-96UB97)=('P@3&5V96P@
B!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT








]


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


]
M

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^26YT97)N871I;VYA;!096YS:6]N(%!L86YS(%M-96UB97)=
M('P@3&5V96P@



]
M



]
T1N




M17%U:79A;&5N='

]
M

]



M:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M






]

]
M

]


]


]


]


T1T


]
T1N=6UP/C`N

]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26YT97)N871I;VYA;!096YS:6]N(%!L

M8F5R72!\($QE=F5L(#


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*


M;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M





]

]
M




M86P@17%U:71Y(%-E8W5R:71I97


]

]
T1F;CX\


M;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M






]
T1N=6UP/C$W

]





B!;365M8F5R




]

M






M72!\($EN=&5R;F%T:6]N86P@17%U:71Y(%-E8W5R:71I97

M?!,979E;`S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$






]


]


T1T;W`^1F%I


M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



]



]


]


T1T;W`^/'-T

:6YE($ET



]




]








]

]
T1F;CX\


M9B!P96YS:6]N('!L86X@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S





@





M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X









@6TUE;6)E



]
T1R93X-

]


]



]


]








M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S





]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]




RXU/'-P86X^




]
M

979E;`S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-


]
M

]
T1T97AT

]



]

]
M


]


M
T0V/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN

@






M;W)A=&4@8F]N9'





M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN97)&;V]T;F]T93X-




M=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN97)&;V]T


@8V%T96=O




T1T;W`^6S==/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



M8V5S+CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN

@

M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]D
3-D.#!F
%\S-6
U7S0U
#E?8C-A
5]A
C
V
6
R
M93
X96






CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*


M3F]V+B`S

]
T1T
M:#Y.;W8N(#

M1'1H/DYO=BX@
S`L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@




]
M

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]


]



979E;`S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-




]





@870@









]
T1N=6UP
M/C





]
T1T97AT

]

]


]


]

]


]



]


]







M9V%I;G


]







]


]


]






@870@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&]F('EE87(\+W1D/@T*

]
T1N=6UP/C4N


T1T;W`^4F5A;&EZ960@9V%I
M;G

]



T1T;W`^56YR

M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^3F5T+!P=7)C:&%S97,@86YD('-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@


]



]


]

M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]D
3-D.#!F
%\S-6
U7S0U
#E?8C-A
5]A
C
V
6
R
M93
X96





]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#
P





M:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M





T1T;W`^
C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@



#$V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D




]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C$R+C

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/C(P
3DM
C`R








T1T;W`^
M


T1T;W`^
C`Q


T1T;W`^
C`Q-CPO


T1T;W`^
C`Q-SPO=&0^

T1T;W`^
C`Q.#PO=&0^#0H@


T1T;W`^
C`Q.2TR



]


]

]
T1P


#$T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L



M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^



]
M

S4N-SQS

]

]
M

]



#$T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/C(P


M
T1T;W`^


]
M

]


]



]


]


#$T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/C(P


M9VX]
T1T;W`^



]

]
T1N=6UP/C$N


]


M9C!?
S5C-5\T-3`Y7V(S83%?83(S-C%C
F4S.&5C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V0Q
V0X
&8P7S
U8S5?-#4P.5]B
V$Q7V$R
S8Q
M8S)E



^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5
2D%'

M/3-$



@;W1H97)W:7-E

]
T1T:#Y.;W8N
M(#

C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\












M


]










]


]


]


]




]


]

]


]


]



]



T1T;W`^5F5S=&EN9R!P



]







]


]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]
T1R:#X-








]

]
T1T97AT/C




M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

V0X
&8P
M7S
U8S5?-#4P.5]B
V$Q7V$R
S8Q8S)E







]

T1)1#!%-#1!1SX-



]


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]


]
M

]
T1N=6UP







]







]

\

]
T1N=6UP/C$Y



T1T;W`^1W)A

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$Q

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^5F5S=&5D+!3:&%R97


]






]



]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@






]


T1T;W`^5F5S=&5D+!796EG:'1E9UA=F5R


]






]





]




]




]






M;3XH





]
T1R

2XW
















'0O:'1M



]


M1#
^

S`L(#(P
30\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S

]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#


]


]
T1N=6UP/C`N
















]


T1T;W`^17AP96-T960@;&EV97
\+W1D/@T*


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D
M
3-D.#!F
%\S-6
U7S0U
#E?8C-A
5]A
C
V
6
R93
X96
O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]




M;G



]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#

S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S


T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@3W!T







]






M;3XH

]
M
T1N=6T^*#`N




]

]
M





]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#`N


T





]

]



2XT
M

]



]







S5C-5\T-3`Y7V(S83%?83(S-C%C
F4S.&5C#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V0Q
V0X
&8P7S
U8S5?-#4P
M.5]B
V$Q7V$R
S8Q8S)E



M:G


M9#TS1$E$





3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S`L(#(P



M;G
L($5X97)C:7-E(%!R:6-E(%)A;F=E(%M






M9VX]






]









]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^)#(P+C`P+20T,XP



]
M

]




]





I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XS('EE




T1T;W`^3W!T





]
M








L($5X97)C:7-E(%!R:6-E(%)A;F=E(%M
:6YE($ET


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#`N









@






]
T1R93X-

M1&YU;7`^

]




]

]


]



]




T1T;W`^4F%N


]
T1N=6UP/C$N.3QS

]


@



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-S$N
S
\

M/D]P=&EO;G



M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XX('EE87)S(#8@;6]N=&AS/'-P86X^/]S







]
M


SXQ
M
B!-;VYT:'



M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S

]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#

S`L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S



]


]






]
T1N=6UP/B0@
30R+#
P





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

M9F]R=V%R9'






]
T1N=6UP/C0X+#4P

]
T1R93X-


@:6YD969I;FET96QY/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

#`L

M97


]
T1N=6UP/C4L.3`P+#`P


]




]
T1N=6UP/C8P

]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$L
S`P+#`P


]

\+W1D




]
T1N=6UP/C
S+#(P

]

]



#`\

M+#
P




#`L
#`P

M-2PR
#`L





@=&AA=!W;W5L9!I;7!A8W0@969F





C`@17AP:7)A=&EO;B!;365M8F5R












]
T1N=6UP/C
L
M-#`P+#`P

]
M


M9VX]

P+`T*


]


]





]


]










M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y.;W8@,S`L#0H)3(P




C(@17AP


:6YE($ET



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3
L-3`P+#`P


]









M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]D,3-D.#!F,%\S-6,U7S0U,#E?8C-A,5]A
M,C,V,6,R93,X96,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9#$S
M9#@P9C!?
S5C-5\T-3`Y7V(S83%?83(S-C%C

O
M4VAE970W.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS


^

M1'1H/DYO=BX@
S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S


]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#




]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@.3$N


]


]



3`N
3QS

]


]




3






]



]







]
T1N=6T^*#$U+C

C0N




M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]D,3-D.#!F,%\S-6,U7S0U,#E?8C-A,5]A
M,C,V,6,R93,X96,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9#$S
M9#@P9C!?
S5C-5\T-3`Y7V(S83%?83(S-C%C

O
M4VAE970X





@;W1H

]
T1T
M:#Y.;W8N(#

M1'1H/DYO=BX@
S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S

M86QI9VX]






]

]
T1N=6UP/C(R





]
T1N=6UP/B0@




S5C-5\T-3`Y7V(S83%?83(S-C%C
M
F4S.&5C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V0Q
V0X
&8P
M7S
U8S5?-#4P.5]B
V$Q7V$R
S8Q8S)E




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\






SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

M=&@^3F]V+B`S

]
M
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#
P+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S`L(#(P


]
T1T

]
T1T

]


]
T1N=6UP/C



T1T;W`^4W1A=&4@






]








M86YG97






]
T1N=6UP/C`N
C`E

M
2XP



]

M1&YU;7`^
C8N




3-D.#!F
%\S-6
U7S0U
#E?8C-A
5]A
M
C
V
6
R93
X96




I(A54T0@)D\8G(^
M26X@36EL;&EO;G

C`Q

M
#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$






]
T1N=6UP/B0@


T1T;W`^1&5F97)R

C


]
T1R;SX-



]




]
T1N=6UP/C


]
T1N=6UP/CDN

]



L('1O=&%L/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L




M;7`^


]



]


]




]
T1N=6UP/C(T



]


M*#


MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

S5C-5\T-3`Y7V(S83%?83(S-C%C
F4S.&5C
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V0Q
V0X
&8P7S
U8S5?
M-#4P.5]B
V$Q7V$R
S8Q8S)E

N:'1M










^
3(@

S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S

]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#




]


]

]
T1P



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S
N
M

]




M9&1I=&EO;G






]




]



]




]
T1N=6T^*#$N






M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9#$S9#@P9C!?
S5C-5\T-3`Y7V(S83%?83(S-C%C
M


M;G1E;G0]

^


M*$1E=&%I;'

M(&-O;'-P86X]



C`Q

]



]
T1N=6UP/C$S

M57

]




]
T1N=6UP/C$S




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]D
3-D.#!F
%\S-6
U7S0U
#E?8C-A
5]A
C
V
6
R93
X96
O




]




M36EL;&EO;G


MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S,P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO






M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

V0X
&8P
M7S
U8S5?-#4P.5]B
V$Q7V$R
S8Q8S)E







]

T1)1#!%-$9!0SX-



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'



T1T;W`^/'-T










]
M



T1T;W`^36EN:6UU;2!P97)C96YT


]
T1N=6UP/CDP+C`P

]










;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B]D
3-D.#!F
%\S-6
U7S0U
#E?8C-A
5]A
C
V
6
R93
X96
O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


^
3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S

]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#








3$N
#`E

M
3$N

M1&YU;7`^
3$N






M(%M



M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9#$S9#@P9C!?
S5C-5\T-3`Y7V(S83%?
M83(S-C%C


M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4







]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#

S$L
M(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#
Q

M
C@L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V
M+B`S

]
T1T:#Y!



2P@
C`Q


C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*




@;VX@=F]L=6YT87)Y('!E;G-I;VX@



M
T1T;W`^3F5T('-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M




]
T1N=6UP/C$L



2PP
M



]
T1N=6UP/C0L




]


]


]


]


]



]

]

34W+C


C$N

M1&YU;7`^


]
T1N=6UP/C$Q

]
T1N=6UP/C4U


]
T1R;SX-


]


]


]


]


]




]

]





]
T1N=6UP








30N












3


3$P+C












#(N

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$P





]
T1N=6UP/C(N


]


]


]



]




]


]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D-O;G-U;65R(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@













BPV






]















T1T;W`^










]



]


]



]

















2PV



M87)G97

]


]


]


]



]
M
T1N=6UP/C$R



]

]
T1T

]
T1T

]



]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/C0L




RPY
3(N


]

M='5R97

]


]


]


]



M


]


]


























]


M

]










]
T1N=6UP/C


#$S(%-P















]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


V0X
&8P7S
U8S5?-#4P.5]B
V$Q7V$R
S8Q
M8S)E


]
M






]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

C@L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S

]


2P@
C`Q


#$S/&)R/CPO

C`Q
SQB

#$R















]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@

]



#$V+C0\

M(#$L






M;7`^


]


]





BPW


]
T1R


]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^/'-T


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^









U

M;7`^


U












M9VX]















]


]


]


]



]

\

]


]



M9VX]

























#(N


]


S5C-5\T-3`Y7V(S
M83%?83(S-C%C
F4S.&5C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+V0Q
V0X
&8P7S
U8S5?-#4P.5]B
V$Q7V$R
S8Q8S)E


M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$4Q2$%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M


R!-
M;VYT:'


SXQ
B!-;VYT:'



]


2P@
M


]
T1T:#Y-
M87D@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^

]
T1T
M:#Y.;W8N(#

M1'1H/DYO=BX@
S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S

M86QI9VX]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]








T




3-D.#!F
%\S-6
U7S0U
#E?8C-A
5]A
M
C
V
6
R93
X96





I(A54T0@)D\
M8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G


C`Q
SQB

#$R




#
N



]







]



]


]
T1N=6UP/C





3$N


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$S



\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@




]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP
M/C8V




]

]
T1P


]







]
T1N=6UP/C4W






M;65N='

]
T1N=6UP/C$P
RXT







]


]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C
T





3





T1T;W`^4V%L
M97


]


]

]
T1N



]
T1N=6UP/C0W.2XQ/'-P86X^






]




#@N






]


]







]
M






]



]
T1N=6UP/C4T





M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]D,3-D.#!F,%\S-6,U7S0U,#E?8C-A
M,5]A,C,V,6,R93,X96,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M9#$S9#@P9C!?
S5C-5\T-3`Y7V(S83%?83(S-C%C

M='
O4VAE970Y
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R


T0X/C
@36]N=&AS($5N

^
M

S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^075G+B`S
2P@


C`Q-#QB

#$S

M




]

















]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PP
M


]
T1N=6UP/B0@.3




#$T



]
T1N=6UP/C0Q



#(N



]
T1N=6UP/C$L
M-S



2PV



]




]
T1N




T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN8V]M93PO=&0^









]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2XQ





M+C







T/'-P86X^






M













M(#$N










]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M




]
T1P

M87)G97





]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
CDN


M





]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-S
N

]




]
M





]


]
T1N=6UP






2XP
M

]
T1T97AT


T1T


]


]


]


]


]



]


]


]


]


]


]



]


BXS



]
T1N=6UP/B0@






]



]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@-C
N
#



]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C@N


3-D.#!F
%\S-6
U
M7S0U
#E?8C-A
5]A
C
V
6
R93
X96

M





C`Q

]
M


@6U)O;&P@1F]R=V%R9%T\+W-T

]



T1T;W`^0F%L86YC







M='






M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+C




T1T;W`^1&5D=6-T:6]N

]
T1N=6T^*#$Q+C(I/'-P

RXT

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!%;F0@;V8@4&5R:6]D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

C4N


]


]


]

]
T1P




]



T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A








M:&%R9V5D('1O($]T:&5R($%C8V]U;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L


]


\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@




]












M86QI9VX]

]
T1N=6UP/C




M=&\@3W1H97(@06-C;W5N='






]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
C$N


S5C-5\T-3`Y7V(S83%?83(S-C%C
F4S.&5C#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V0Q
V0X
&8P7S
U8S5?-#4P
M.5]B
V$Q7V$R
S8Q8S)E



M:G


M9#TS1$E$




]

M(&-O;'-P86X]




]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#
P+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S


]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#

2P@



]
















]
T1R:#X-

M5$%415

]


]


]




M9SY3=6)S97%U96YT($5V96YT(%M










]
T1N=6UP/C$N


]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^54Y)5$5$(%-4
M051%4R!\($%N;G5A;!#;W-T(%-A=FEN9W


]


]


]



M96YT(%M



]


]
T1N=6UP/C$N


]


]



]










]
M






M




]


]


]



M(%M


]


]


]


]




]


#$V($5S=&EM871E
M9!!;FYU86P@0V]S=!3879I;F=S(%M$;VUA:6Y=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@









]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]



S5C
M-5\T-3`Y7V(S83%?83(S-C%C




M87-C

M8V]M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B/@T*(#QO.DUA:6Y&:6QE($A2968]
T0B+BXO
M5V]R:V)O;VLN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Q+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#`T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P-2YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M,T0B4VAE970P.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#DN
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T,3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$S
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#$V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
M-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3@N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970R,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
C$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(R+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#(U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-BYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T
S
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
T+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#,W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S.YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,SDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970T
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#(N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T-#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0V+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#0Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U
YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970U
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-30N

T0B4VAE970U.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#8Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V
M,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C,N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970V-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M-C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8W+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-CDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E


T0B4VAE
M970W-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-S4N:'1M;(O

M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970W-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H

M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970X,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#@R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970X,RYH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B

M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970X.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T.3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DQ+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Y
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.3
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_SupplementalFinancialStatementDataAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_SupplementalIncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndCashFlowInformationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_BrandMarketingSupportPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_FinancingArrangementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_SpecialChargesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_SpecialchargesrollforwardTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsAndGoodwillTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsExcludingAmountsPertainingToExaminedTaxReturnsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromSettlementsWithTaxingAuthorities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsChangesResultingFromEffectsOfForeignCurrencyTranslations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'

30Q
3
P+GAM

1
^9



M2+


M01:Z1D_DTV=_F_TQPB]_F8SB




]
9M0I;H=F&^&=THU`(T!HX6[



NH()+;W4YK45Q!G6:J73


MM7
[$3:(E40$1A-B;_OUX76UMAB3^-1M-BY?TFB('E:O_!+G
3CZ9@]-AVA

M\3/(4
BD2:GC(G?2ST7T1S`)V4/E

YP(PT`-BS!1M:P6;M^*PS+F:2`#4THZ:#(_+(XFQ


C3H1(VZ+-#-NG4Q
#RFNI+L-3;D]

M1EF0A&A^`1_8VR]=SP!133$^,/'M#M@]058345N\9`6P6@RA(L(E88+W;=

U.0N]^YU3+PO\-_AK*/4[+/6AN./=^+QZ

B\A.#T6Q(7*JO
MR8


P4M'S31*1M`4_&ZJ)UMQ=G?9G7[I?BADVO6T:GL9ZG9+


M4#TRJUH&#F[SJ_TB]C/3:M;&@$RK?YD6+:V
(_P8V=KO9CP)XHS(S8GGJA.J


M2]?*R+R=:X]E!#M?S
YM'&I]TO`^F+IW@U40VRF([=1U_4X'B/_H#C#3/'


M?`#.N
!9Q\UJ0`UOJ&EK[VD9PAJ'P*&N;-[
E@%G7.L@[Q;`@?%(7#6')38
MT$%)=.7=I+;_$H9I-H[#'R[Z@E[B,!VXR/F=;U1:G^?W%QEU[Z7MS@!V=3
M\KD+N_OQ,[I+XZ0@\Z43\F]?TP+E[A3=)@\_TX=A.B6;K9:_%@@E&^M9/J?)
M4X&R,7GZU@GUY9/N@M?@^PB5NXW/_YG!83;VIO!YS3U[056@Z^JT_[25QY0
M/].9?U-T8UO\-\K26N/X\2


S2S#3'23N
\_
0WO987
(_YR.7E=L
M8B61-R(1&2]!ND&.@



H!1



MHT33LAKV*J%G\C+0@IK2&F@!M.A!`M6PIH#R&LIK7JG0O-


?.B:`.?F`6A

GG-
_MUU]1]!0G3^5Q
M3.1DIF$\67N#'\39[\%HBN87;CS])@G3


?D!W(#F3G
[)O
M57Q`=B`[D)V_FG9SN9D=C((D1(


7!@1##DP9?G(
M@;O84@LR
@@(`L&!TPA@





:_MA(U?G/98X#U[:*SI6$

9'4^
M`O)GIO+GEGW*2:D..!2.]E99M3[_B6H/$\5VID:Q9'3J:4YE0WX#
O=$*6OX
M^!*\Q./IF#T\+$19&G]-%C!VC;'CA!]CK\K2
V-OA?SJG`C[=7ED!-9]D(7#

M1J;P+P+^SXI_$?#?W4;#D!E3AW_(C#L\[@O\/W7X!__/%OXA_X?\GP?\]QFL
9&A(I[E*FM/ZC<F3]!.SPY/6%T4Z7V*_GO\B12![_N*<UBE]F
M&J^RWOOG%&M@0#+EE7/'V(;;3NEG$XT/B\]\#WT_.B$<AYF4(81$.FHN$E
M)DJ_!5Z#Z60R*O46C+SQ9)2^(G2_T6YON<(.TU!/4RYE+.Y/
`D@YCLH
&[
MM1\H@*QG(*-N/]'S.C[(]5C-]3H[F!N*U9X5JPQL=P;M-3;;:UU

[S8*I%Z4D@Z5DQTLUP$OQ[:4N5@!LDUQLDU=\7;VG@+$

MQ]$T&-4N4LKMUX?7;I]K'W4*D4V[+'VL%]1,J&3OJ
0@NFM7


M.F=!JRWY==/Q3IDMY#=LHS[,Y]-S2!$643#93:8VA_Q;_SLBPI!YVT6WV
MQDM3HBHMYF39I


M3?N


M)=KT


IFU0;2!:$-57O:6R4A^_(*BFR1


WG'*CM#03[`WT@I@$
0EH=GPO`2HD2OD%

=CCHF[D/<KTHS;KZ]@/%T4?C/U`-0J^`8C,$9%Y
M9DV?9F'UH;,#L[@W].OWB_7=.Y!HY8%EDA==W;8!C73&)*HQQ_NY^?5*4




!2J9/O9'N'8T



MAX`
HR^S:K@F=Y^GP/#.*Z;FFW#-





LU2\73;D.+-$!CEP\(89=G0?&/J)3V8`P96[A,0

M$+F8(1=$+J8J_C/2JZ7(!349:X&
^HJ






V
/

'K1&2:X37#P4!R

%`#[^]/J


MO!5^&^;_$OQ/FCG3O$C'*%N2^PY-\CA




#)'CW

M_)Z@B).GZE?N@%%=MD/2?KD`
'L_)U4TSQ*@R&#+#31N+$`FP'-3H5$%5&A
MGXOK3FPU@-_@$P[-5^A!DL#.FI[FU@6FLV/99A,MP;+GMVQ;DRM/2.RAO]O]
M6`3B3_$\#[D=


_/2



.SK`WU:^@PU_2P^1V-$9/34!.!]JG`\M/9C&_00`
M!?_=`YFA9B8M47Q6-4$%0&D%0$NA*/\F

%_


MZ!EE01*B75/(?T'I4Q9


)H&!=:D

M4`W?=#S)-9W*$(H@./*[3Z)P_8_U%Y-'+][GE4'`P7_.@M%-$J&7?Z#7(UZL
MF+(B.I;DB9[GVH+K^E;%!=FQ97D]E.Y\T^9W+!?+E)XVOYT6)

ME



U2)
LV!$F5;

3*V
YV'KO/OU)(LZA


M&J'R((BK\AVK7[;VTHT/NIM^Q\F=/TJ#8OUS9MFUM&I
8=5'XLBD:-A9&]A!


?

937=)QN

MBHNW(_)!K!5;MTT;PPY;3;8



`V5-81<11=T!6<
IJNJPF.*PNV+E?$
ML6U/VU(9UN/95%:N%0IQ+38=E=*5)][B!&&2H2%I%Q)YPW2
/J=Y_BW!/G04
M_R^*?@GBA/SE-MEX


M?K
(7N+Q!']K^IC/UJ2%LS5IN



[[O
M.;(M6I8WJQP



M7&)'^IV

M?



!IVR:XK[S6!3MF;`\`V

MOF

\<H=

M%5P;[I%=[*8

V&?3/B6R'14QS(\5<4IX*+W(]O3LGE]Q*5DC<WOF=9
M./75'==P#
O%F:\L:U7F(ZCR;OPK[P6]`Q6T5_:[/O9Y..%U5%W7+%]P?
NJ

V-+\HF3GED6_
DUU

M5_*[EB:8IF:(`ID!;.B.X56PUV7;
7=*KKY7NX%]ZS%?$C3!$&W-T2U1)0Y0
M-K1%Y//



ME(W)D[=6C9?/N0M>R
MAG'6GHYD4_0U031]V7)$1Y$]4YHMTK!
QS3(2CTB#24ZZM07+=-ZG-1(EJ/B


H8?4BY^&1?FWVP1A3=5#ZR=^
MS*N?3K-V-&?*INU*KJ%CLAF:=F.YU;@TGZ3#0G*1?47*FL4DL$9COA-=-3

MF![.JC2R$%S!^K!\_)\%$['J2C6)K:A).4I-\V7





MUH4OBXYGJK@N-M1*41[.!EJ

DQ54T7]%47
%YLBN+3N6L-%-K
WU

[(S4[Y8J3F)

M/$

6=96L.1%]P\%U5RF&[Y.9$%LKG]=73)SOJ\^BB)G+*1^)_0CQPLV4

R



ND$8V9MI:H6SL-6)C@5;61[EHDI$%C
V766MD#;&L




M5PV:--]8SR5;5!E;$5XUE4OK4J$&B+*ND5K!-\C&?*:%2R]1JY1G.
:6SQ%-

1B6`H



R9BU:1
M#]3N-
Q



QG;M
#)5%O$-DK61F),0\!O+V.;7!`(6HD`S')O@@*TGJ(CH!):Y5J];7V@^YQ

@FTOZ7Z`1TFC]([HL(.WL6CT%TA$X'=2V^

Z^?W'?F?=QU-L




:_T2Y_WK!F


F\_+^]_;SS$`]N
M`
TNFB$

BV11!R7'


ES7NV%\^N

MP'R9%D+PS:`V?'+P=_0&X5N@JH\
3OL4HJ)


O5$]H/+7O+QJ1

MB5V76WA@5ID@&2B#AMM![LZ`2:/P6]6D!!L\A;

M%0BZF

MT=2@UPF

Y[





:YUB%H6#`(P







'M?XA;2&44+R_





M5Z)355/`4.Q?`U.[@W3PT:=2GJ=/]=7



U$ZS6HO


ZU7=DUB`R:BU
M$67_Z^9(0A?JVV$&%+=@
CIY!666BYRR3ZK2_!


Y8(;[KDT&O&+R%:'N(+Q:%;\QMU%;P_7`[PW



]CRDP3ZR`E

DI'[:E_!/DI#8$WSBVOKB%YK^)A;.;A:S74M=P:O@08=D
M.2CAM,XVC'IB\4X.E1M=7(Z93+IRS*NI)+IWFW*+E)'2EJ/]T4GYRBR(
M?#0[8'T#1JE:H_J3<
1KZK^\



MA89-:*M:\XC#M+),6I&PC_?S.[F]-Y7._E4N`&F`G-!*!N0




+:JO-O-/.NA
M/P%R!TDA
UJD4'*1KM`

TERF;X8Z\K[*


O'J

24?]+A$ZA92M$:9N&ES#


M-P1[H]40H@/QWU'74.:D/W:/VJCQ
O'+R\?YU=JEX:.FHL&4D+TT03HG%!CC

B^];YWXU@`)\9NFQ5@A282




MT6S5YWIUWZN*(8^HC&H5%G!IF5]CVH(RI$`3)1Y[M)(?B1K;V%T*J@-A

M

MZKSG%U?5#S@IF%@.QE@AT

M__HQTQVKP?QS:_BBHY14L)58_F




ME(#Z^%??PPK;?E'E;__QT$SPV
]=\CD[9Y.5#%$XAQ11F&Y'XCS5]70:]G27


-9


$NG3)UL7


M+`



MS/JZ

M6(ZU@WZI62U'G[GE/]]25Z_9B


MY5+PS?-T3RE/@W2X^Z1





)G0ML*)PX]6C(C:WZ1=*=APT

#CV7878?&J+IU5%1=R&=%




Q1;NH9^NA
M



)VL3T1JLLZ\*8
Z'-!6F;[[D4K01__OMWDVV0<!2T]0$0@[(D
MH'(6<RN;01WJV6[2;29QQV1K6UJ?-I46GN/I\NOT%A=+?B3H3HVW]VDI^@\



&%+R5SWB2;
C0Q)_70PC<7@#*T\'TLV7<44F.9Q):D4J*%$KW8]*@N#F5HX5-\

*6D.!=?$
M%?[A_M-B68^6.\K*VI;1+'70

EMYQNB#V@]?EM@L'F:TEESADHSU/QJ9VM`5M

M)\91=7`-9\\H=QY)



M@V8L&-.!5LX\(S#885%?`O


M
7)69/N$18E'0)TI

M67H922'I62C6DI9J%Z.JVYHE

GT)/'YAI:?M=

MZ?9[-UO][]OILGQA\ONTI[UQ@]3^;Y-_+);Q875/3U]^8Y1Z._VRFMTLRF]M

ZQ3VABM`48[I@HM=R44


7F\F%V]3%/GMBL;&&J#




M:\JH(PG]].9PW

B#XK+A+C%`^2

UQ$4))0J

M_ID








M5Q2+R
BSS\[$T&WY
3-;6P^KO/&7R'4
).FY%((061XRRMB4*:Z3LDRFUV
M8JQG`UP*R8A=&8\!
8/AF@[C:!5WK+


Q50PPL_ED7OI]-_36??\U_2S%)_?E][W_
M8_)E##XR9RDPLDX;FY@,8-M]*9#;+$4U@*2E6WQJ0-N`#*!]*F7^^'%Z4V;`
M?;N@'R[)V&(U6!ZQF,WO/_RQ^)_I<O'+XGZZ2@_3-W/ZPH=/BX?59'Z+LX_W
MT^E\%V-:/^?MY/_9N[+F-FX@_5_V754`NG&];!7.76\E<2JV:VL?&8EV653
M+DI





K.MJ((`@@YFQ$0`V9F5+7+(
/KRX#KQ3N7XA$;H'[_?0R




/!B0F%@;ZCGT(7=GO#+##S*!=7#/)J/=;GRO14:HI4@ZV:R4DY
M4$U*DK
IN-`3C@]%1I/I/\&.!+$9L%ZG


_W

IC<\Y.%&_]XOU?(MCT/C?<7%<XSOWYWA&5OS2P@^*$A?.:IFW
M^6[JYE_FCT\O'*`[.P.'5ZE_9;8=\6XGK0N)DZ-H#`VS=Z^**EX&AVON;P-
MET4SCF\7VWV-Y^(PNL1+*Z(!\EH2(YWQBMF0&U*&T?.^`U^M!S.#0?-_YO?/
MKY%

\

?7WK`[Q-ZQG<]CY3]*;#:,Z?)`8!42?-LFDME9.2H<STR]*;J
M77748L^Y[4UQ3JO#6U3*99*%A4=44VK#X6!N5I%.XCHJ;=]LL
*/2Z:$R=4



7O`EO@YYT1VAB



2L?'(9B;3KI+%5



YXR9&M^)Y8GUY8NL?L8@^'K/M8&P\:BUW605`25*/
M@8G8CG(DA4%=5[7UH#T+&4.\:E;MW?/_S5/8-WD]CUJ3USB4
5L=RF27#
M=S($'2]=Z\TH=EC2\5O8V(+2\Q2SU2(@.2U7YNBTGJT

M!FPR(3LG/:RGL=E=[L/
=Z:CTQ_@T:MH.^'&P*Y!



M-A##L^W_EX?I[;*7PYYNS=JL/1UE=+J;TG(D^\:M98

MHW0Q),0'%@I`


MX_H6)]-Q2W%_+?
C'J:_WH^F)S!H'JW3*FGI@[8^(O&6MC6VMY+W=@YZO;L]

Z.:S
M[W^_GWQ9T*%M!='KO^NQO)'?/SS.9^/'CJ^^2CAK-.O%ZM=^9'NS9&-RZ6P+
M
7

5*91S\1#J.)T!:KC!#\+K`L.


B8`D-5+BRXX6B$5*EU2)Z)BNB`J
:)G7+Q)T'EU]GD







O?M`]\
MEF5M##.:!YEB4
A:5!50ZB9R$YF5V7/M




MNGIM_)`HG[IF40!DJ:/WC$$T)5`1ID!6)V/.DR$MS7#]P*U=X)SQST89#[E
MIJ0=SWP[W#!_;8['8@G-$)+)J
*







M_.NW0K`?/SV.[\+H_K8X\



$T.
BOF(YX'`/Q&-=
MIF2Z=!#C/@#2(2AB,]/CJ_?MA^.=#=_O
X3M
PW
RR*1FV5DA$BB56^9J

M[Y$]O3#]6Q1^Q^@?F.34(OL6*F3(V:?L=_:SVG+5OT401&EXW%]@A1:GL\U!

D6$]30
MP@&?
&:.+'TC3X4(-N^I`UZLF5S2:9:O87)D28.KBL5H+#9.QG(;1Z?
^[S9

M#VW:.&\AZ+#XK\@^DR[[8H%13'')3?NG3-ZN#)DNUV'8XS*=NP*]_&QVT][

M#K4PJ&G1]OJ)2HR^&*[

'K#EMV






M43-Z757)XMY3W?SBA7MV:4A3.1F
3#-%T.)5)1$4FUZYSN3;4]M@_E[XKR

YY

ACS&`L8Y]A]O2(7I?A502C5%
H*^'X=SFL8MA





M&=:GAB/6SB]:?G

`ES.XD(_

M#]0$(L:G'`/[KJ(

V1]

=+1B;-O[MU+G6(4E

-45+QA?C
MU1CKL&=]&7GD)H=SOFL6YYP&K47\/A<*[:ERGZ0BTW;EPHQP!C#+NZE+LK7
M&D








MA3\'.YM!SK^\N=NL)



EA&F(WB#W6-`7'


?[U_


7GA`CX;'WI3!-1B!WOPU*:($[Z,Y*&FVX

M?:B8



]MG^





M5IY[4:#


6B
DY[P3U=Q=8&V1_0

JX@G9WZP*'J?]4(


MC




5F
8K*4B
MQ?:8*;EQC'/!

TY6@WU2^U.-7(-`QMSY^T'OC!83FE$P&IT%%-D


MP&8_`72^DK'3`OO(['WRV71;5^I81R


M3RC!)R6
$2F!L-NB[:./NX*[HG\')W(4_$PTWK9RI@*=W^51K;U\^[EOOB



%@-C&;VUU]D4X5ALZ$;7#35F!F-Q9C&KGHBXS4C
MGB`VC91&%575]\*FT=U`U][+?5_8+AZF/6?QC['X$&)DE4A'YV\+E*6_UT:[
MQVG['@ELEUJ;4F*M



KN2T\5--7F-YE_KJD%0XQ
MQNQM2=:Y%$H!OC6BSO=+J=6KS@+\).+:9?24E78(G)`=
9ADD.N8U[BJ^]:#
M_3P!X\_


M5D`8W:0R/7/;NXAWZA5;



M2LSNI*?&-:^
!8X1338ZFH$:)4L*!%T1ZP-.`?B$IN4QI&=UMB708^VKUIRH
M(EFE*(UG6Z70)3@?8)NFDPFAOCX_NHD&KB]OC/\




M[
#R&LT%BUM
%CT5P_]9')Q=G:2#Y2)=7%Y]$?-YU*RFF

MT:/O^
1'?FD`S*



M
0P7VP8*^=SS_^SPM
P!5/













JE=?&@727(R'12


M

MVEEJ


?2G%AAE:.(%HM&)^KJ

MJEDQ.0ZA%MTF*0?A$O#34O57%FK[X-?%^5&K8L^]Z*:P7:3*OX&L]EH;.U1P
MQ0_&D+J
Y




48AQU:20?G

J#X&X5S0'W]F#IR!1&*+L\^NHBDZND8G
LB`7'+]V/468?$KB6`7

M!+:O]XM






M8OIVCC!-J9!920:1LHYBRW*Q06*+,'+8J)H[&Z8WWW#.$;*I&XR*S[;8Z%,(
ML7([+^'L06Z9&$@@9X

MMX#M83`FQ7%6EHY



:X)URFE&GK=&K_3O:+/CE[P
M'Z+?)W(\^8_%\N!X\;AJ_AKY#YDB





M:H&'TCG]%MSZ'J9S+CD?Q2F5




*YG!#?XG




MZT7[Q

L1_I^]

RZ24EN[6_?A-D%4T2
MQ:(HD1(ESXL/J5C
_)#(`\ACF62'S`91N\:F9RC4`#+/#
-71`(%NXNPY(X`

M=R4GQZ8N9W\Y(-Y##4/QGD$G6*2)'?A@Y!!JG/-3R*&*Z-']GZ^([#D%WD




MQ;U&I%2-O/VXZ(V_UQ$6

[+:U
MYR


MI8$E6@YIDG!:(B1L9P+28@AO*U/:

M[M2V@E2I[=UNX@\K$R]/;0//7$@6E$P`)E
0@;#2%!A[Y@+\6RQ.IK9U8H$+




.7\0B/*_3
MB-W'P*64IAHM`T4M1D8K6GN

MCC[[4J

7%[*:Y


7@8PGDPAN





M7\3/;*UA6\I]R%6_`:_[2;6('*IE07F+UDA%G&?Q)(/VMC=Q%;VB&?A%@^

Q
M)+/B),0.;3=0O;2:W#9:(T1_++VD8@U7FR7[6T0JTY[-`&YH+8!G)0_:9
M?+2K&N)M1U&9#9TQ`[M










MH?SAIVV.Y:R:R*)T3F.XFN'1!Y]'63I^TSJ4.H.R);^[K_69(:)0V@Y2QY
MRS6TW;S(
;&F*OB19\+6GE




M_78SNEH4U+R;3=N?^?+IQ6WJH=M,O+.PM;DA6BX#9_5P$B*]
#QD_L9[)8



MO9I
*M([9P!8
LRU(P^);ZY3[K6GC

ML0MIO

:3D-
QR31_*
6)(H5

M0/%M23.[6CUWN`


MV-X;\9Z(;?KA


-;/Q
M])*<\?9'Y3G8O:'7&LA+R#8A:I.D43F$X#K@'!CXQR_OX`]X_0@X]7)PANM





M7]


D(Q1Q;F!T:7GDGW-:QQKG#

(
UOJJ#;[@;+O5W-G`O!9#GZ7FD
8$1)84


;+:5=`1YZ*J.%V:XA/1/`_V



M5-V*S@'M-\WU\M;EG/4(:8_



M?@9*Q2(#D!)*=4Q@J

M

MSLUU
WL__7C];31KMKYUJWOO[Z7_P);L_SW^?/.Y2LISVC'R-!SZJ-'+7.X*
MEKE%($'14C9'PLH(K@/*+1HCRA/*+1I%Z#S+X#RJ-C6]F+1P1JOC:MSW\N


M


#QK_/E3X1_)R4HB
M&1NMY0`H?%8M_J5NMSZ#W@[P7M(JB*=:A9S+U*D0?7+!YL!+[[=N%5@
U97+


MZ^A?%$B)%)ZE@)*-![DVX+W&??V&F
F]I9V]EN__U2
^?8SNCXG)GQC
=.
M%RB2`'9G2(JD2(K\V#GNEU#9V_L517^KL-M0228%S(Z+$L]!F?QXAY+1W7/A
M\B'
^3]


21S9H51CP=15GQ/G4



M[Y)@IC



V8KML?1V^!T


M/--*G$W
P5.TL:'VTK#A'9

MMXZH[[SJ^.E+NF.IJESE9@11%TEXP.JQ
RVKU&



M7HT.R]W!_X*_:YX@ES1@_&F&CL&M[&F_G9TOBOFO`@?VUFW%L6W.8^G**2

QLJ7?]2XR

C(:G2:?.'QZ?97O<HU8H

JQT[!SG*V1XUS-N[UD2

MZU&\H&0WMEH[C&.)'H@U=*8`'2[\/$
'3AUBT-%@45HR0!TYQ75TANB-QHER
/<FR<V0E&UIMF@LY=.S)!70#65@R]!;JB_][$G6_+HE4TRU





1DL
M.

9&15V7


WE.MU2MQ






MN?SOQYD@;@EENCF[.O_GV1\C0
T


M[
;M@47UG*&_G43%;5(N$=:45AO:/:7[46N)2CI]`E*]D3Q+5-__MFC==IKT
M=%B%XH7))P!5

RSY=?IX'WAE_<^/1UZGI?



!8
LQAHF_W21\W4+`;=4L^KMI8
`0%N%[/]P`(^.,N5RAL@)I';EE:@GZQ%7BO#<P.$6\KN5<K[9`C;

4$=EY:Y
M9'NQOS)Y'UDG:\(6O1!+[-W6W9BRSJD35^?[SK
3Z^2/LO:`75UA=(1LVX.L

:R
AXS*V;EBT\-`'80*$(_L+.E4YV7Y_H%




XAL_.BO
Q8
MQ]YR;5)'ID0:L)FG/_KR[8F:
R-=4_$-I29FTF(SHQ@$`EQ*[@`9(@=EJS

-
M-1MC2XAYJ
C$AH#2@[XH-)UA=33L3.)LT2AIM-IYDT/K0LF^ZCS.G*2HNZ*B
M'A^=]B+Q;U4D

F?

M=J1[.H=)(D.YZHTVK
F5''$LP'&K?/:01&]6@T_F


E'B7^.I6ZK-\O?/I]=_7Q]]?O=


-;:G;N6^W&*D(YLIB71Q\=CY]4&3Y]`2^^APU6(_C33#H0`T

8^
M'H&9^S!Z(5G-%+
Y9A!1(V_++UZAPE@Y1=

MG$

M#)ED9.:=



*4L3


#6

M_6K0\PSR;



Z).Q'(K1K*-EP!!-ZD\;S.G%Z)

MO
_S7ZO



M%`H


2
CZP1H$_-]#^WG%V;R;QO/DMV

[%L;?7TN

K/^^HWJ#Z8UCT8F@@)?
M+-K





;PB*






M
;3=.KLY0JB&BDFY[N^2H#XLQZ(K7*@$S/W3Z6
AYB9!L$1G?(M=!=1!ISW5174=E?1:2I(=*X


GWE*2ZSXD&S&'5*&EG9
_-7S))=UK9SS)


RKO=M/;6Z*R_Q5F

&9


.(OD:T6K


MW=$NI1CJY*D6V[&



1M03Q)9/8MA9/1YP@=/Q3A
MU-4C`=5`\[/Q4_0P+V?3S\UOX^OKVR:/YJ5OT-_




M)?D\Z

.Y(11/O3C&AK^X


3+6KJ2_!SRIWQSFH3


MR*



M7&0.]@


MFY@F%4UM




XH:9B4]OC+%D+H77/5C+^4Y]VCL.DRD1NTC&@#.4BR
MZ)3_M7




T819<

M



^MXYS\#);4W^V]?Y^%\GX]M_





_1H$*VB6U
Z#SR(
M%2=*5]V[M1].:%&-E53@`9F49-89.1T:)%75(
IQRZ_V?OVGK;2G+T?]GW
M!JI85[XL4-=!`]N33-(98/9EH;&5CF8=.9#LS?C?+TLZQW'



M'&HJ-4=0T5A9)007NR*SKWHH9#E$I7X@.8U!+CI9)%!@J@T)QU!



B/W2V4O&D1I
MP08WZ:OI8#;3R.-8D;H&2WU2TMF##:M.FSCBS9(:,T7!4/O[5TE3_;#2F;O
MV'5Z0*DL.;3@#!K4J**RKFY=FXK.*,4;Z/TA]=WG8/&5R7?DUA82J+2I0:XB
MF3.1C;Z/L*+FZTS5066%GT^8Z#-*:$2&KTNM5@3C.MP;IM\(Y_DEO9GE.^V

1/2N_KUGR8Y#C2D8H%;0P

0^']MCG:DN
M:/I::J$615PHK.S9+BE;5FKTPP.BKXWKD?LAHZ=@'B4@@?


[G(WWL=OD!IRJBHQ0I2A8#=X2#X$!M#J!F.#




M


!88DJRA*YM@O%V\S(0/88.ZQ_7\!



MH'052J4!?.K3B./WZ\W6O-6\1ZF?K_^T&@38'GMVS-9XD47P(7FA
S'0#5XZ
M1=$YBP`':'^*EB


I0@LMN
MTLD(?]N61*UN-J%/6Q'5C



J/=6W2;

=QW

`
&JE
`0I
W05H)


`\%Q-1EVH+


4U?&C-L`;[

M0B/J
MZH*O/L5^.U`1;=:!E091LU3\M()[V4


E;;?49?3P#./

MVH/
ZXOY_'+=)NM^7:]O9\N+^9N/3[?][]

MDLP=

MI

U)07Y=OZF;:C]_=/U[7JVO/S]




M#G9&B#L=4Z.=_A9


MJ)'R2]N;
V=XG


-S



793MCY2


$E(]
;4+&HV-6;A^SYQ


:'+A?V(:#)K`/(N
?UIIWT'$/YF'I8S$Z&1.%3CJFBQFWG:+/+#3N'


:[U]=7BLOW:
M6(M(


MC0TO1$VQ92UD::.
2


MP\?5XF(V9C.
:88EX-KP,PVB=!-+`&H`;/IK3CO?ZZO+Q=WZP6LZL1SJ!F

;G


/4L2J*WLI

[Q9=:4T\&*4#E
MHB12N-?1YZ-U`_!^?%/`D?3I7?2Y%$0V4&6F8(ON54REEY^UT@\\.CCQ.-XZ

M#F9.5EOY1#+T^W_.PM`!KE;'$G/TQ6:@N(VB-]_'$*JA:PR4290_+V-37:W-
M3D1R
12;4]2$RBFM^FC)8N:8F/Z
*GF0JPV423A)!TFLQ&BB3*5WM9YXY=;4




M(.V

MN8D6B@$F[T?:2;@9ZV$JFM(GX@BD#V3Z;`_Q:E-3L!53#@V5_^W(SU
T6?


(KKL


M_82TCJTP\C8)4*TJ)7PB+P&ZZS2D)#18CC;
4-LGTQI6J]:;L6WG^/:5#N`C

KUN_<?N
BB


AEL\BG@Y-1

MK#?



M-SV


MM
W`YEC];9U&'$E%B5*%-
M)E7%QZ(Z=Y9,P$6R<Y0GU@\%(M[663(NFV9KJ*=BZ5<C]=HEA89(UD9XM*I


[?!\9B^LF[Y:
)VF*76UBT:O5

MV43R'OM4_+%BW-?+PGXF46TAE!KFHE64/5``KY8F(5(*]'#ACQ5239*+@V0:

M4.8^


MN-PKJ$$60(CB4ZK'H0M(A3O#:]M3!]

.#
%,'!Y#R%F3I9YX&YW,LZDU(%26G


X#T\7@\+^X5ZJ#4%%:S*J$T0&XFZ-#J7PKJ'



M%-UER(





FM=XA6<70@9'L?;;)0+K=NJ.4

M]-#V/@U(;Q?S[FKXEIOOSJY$-K8M)TK8&;ZF%$HOI#!*?7;G9YL
I-L-GR6@



MVO'))@+G=I/WU@`1JXH@Z&!2*=U




M$/6O&
YO+Y?9P/YLX9.64*SCYXJ)+
I:)T8E!=&8K*+VF9
JRO:-9?NK'6GZ
MT2//
@Y@WW6B:W[UZ_GUV2^?YOM?Z]NR9V!H\XN%TCP1(ED'2G+4LTS:Q]
M\.JG;21YQJ






MK7L/

MBLU@C*:%EQP2?-31Z[OG(XW5@LE09)]2+*T5=T6
&1ZD'\:YXO
6B#F
LE%$
MF72





&+6E*N'J-HQM
?;2^BA$5
MPA


;72

!VEM09YU=C#G6F-(2F*)B1X.WB0:S



V@6L8YNI2EBO$X2$AF7)


MR$R'D0.EC6-+&-MH2N&
9$*-.;KCRP8_V.*PZ[;.M\C(80XN5F)`V6`Q19'D

+.Y3+;[BFXM?K^;UJ_+\]O?GL#1X(L74-B]4:-%3




-XU'27&50-4
M8C




M?8!#:K]'^XU`?[27OLN\^R$=+!M&FK$Q!RSZKKA2+2CPP?()\*/'#7HY4Y




L9:<!U/?VYSK]\J43]O4J$3_7W

\4.;)F0W$$#FE']]=?
M]3PHB4UI1)DB1=TF@..0
H;O(VH/N
M@QGX+OF4MEHLJN]PTY;3,?2A]MQ81!\ED=$(OK=2]0:<F&E!.6=#<P#T<[(


XD4*NGZ9_SY?%)

$C*6!68Q(41SCW#LO2

M31LSM(N_O
%R6V!)LL3ARX)W7Y&I)]$99VUJZ*TXM43:=:(EBFWIM:TFX?#`
M;&X2O


M2/


:-$VY!R(VR+/#$



M3]4BY2[


9/)ZG(U@TNG31OX=-FBNCF=?DMM8.O
M+@=;SK/N+*4A(4`N^4=XW.91I=EJO6MSS?2W_-.^R?R^]%0);X[R2$E$1







MJG^WG3=I@Q9


T)XYL]UV
M_W.1^N!Y)^N8]]@JXISF6#B-NV8UT6&=9S$XWR.J_0#K^G-1KV:I
#
NJDL0
MA6K1;D_#M9^JNFQ4W


JO*Z
M@JS2ZK@P_%8LE[-V-OP_R^4%7`]?=*U#EN7]1Q3N/UP&W@XQ)FVS\M3C51C=
M]10

B`U2C@7




Z0\0^WQ
M#Z@\(6&U2@


`%X?%@%AH1+P$-UDJ
M))&W5@FVQD*PS;%)J=G.XS7@8;#85[3(1;0T.F14$!)9C*/J8P7PFB/+O)[-



T($#!$*^)YD%C

ISY8Z8QD.B70YXA-
M)%GBE67[ID^C\@ZCZ?A/.R]T-JN^IZ;KOC@OP$:G!YJZ+M8]A-K&0#N_::?3
+M*O2=IG?;;^$8.-$X$Z
*IYI[D((EHI-`J]0%BBLM-0


M`B%`C^2M(#?CK8





F+(E1]0I&4*%^-`0X.*-'D#M(2K&$YIK[CQ
M5






MC8[E6FP`R.'BTP
C-N0%2HC
(1RWQA#LHT9



/8AMS!S]M1E3ZLM9
MZG[2SB/ZN%K6R_$\M9`QTW^MZF4Z`KO[B6XGF?:(:\RU%P[QT)[?80BK5$*U
M;:#C9GCW1%J?A]\!DXJ,H+-#L3<^L@$UFW[T<0OI7S;D+QLQ^E%\3L4U`I-




JF
M:V`QA;^

M[+HDPJ

M7E?M(='9];N1?4B;]2H

Q'V'*PZE4Q%ZQT[1DG^#IVH'5/B'?FW&?NW&3N8
M&7LP..C__M\_/S9`6T=SOTTNBNEJ5GP\_Y0F#E3S3[/QO
]$C^L5*#BSC.-R
MT8Q6_=+T`]\ARN
848RD4LP2ER914=9.%0K:DJ#LB49Y;;`$%N6\2EGTI/B;
M5NDUA$'+)




M*-#*'+X.NVEO
*X!

M`]K77['8H#G4GS*H+FK4K8Q\^JAD#/2Y!_Y*[Q_]'QY/W_J&WEO8JDSHO4

8@;=BA3(




M4QS

M2F]AD-Z$%VM@I.\Z9E$#)@8&3%(LMJXTVFB9(E@0+`@6='T1
XB9LF$&C=PT


MUP[0KDVQOIB;CUA!K8.80?F6#DW5E^U


'
9-T`L:#!EB

M
5





0MUWUY1


X
_!@_6`FL1S#';.$A8\U<8]$*E8H1<*5B'YNBYE)QR&C`ZV3P19YY_^;#PU

H(0I`EHP8((2!C='Y6^.8C_




M9G[6M%3VE];I-(X)6M;\JKL:JO:-?K3&RJ:KHV9&7+ELA=%=3EF'D`&W0
M;=C(M^$1&





M


B4$HZTZ8TF
M\F0V3OS;@/9MMO'ZQ.?$O'9L#2P/
''/$@\K@+GDE@G_GGRHXWICP$$2N2J_
M9OY@
6)B

M
0I@A6TZ\=F[V8?WJZNZ&%0R&+)`AK8Q=G5`/$4
YL-%2_MI+^B6T1_?J*:]
M3\G[A3A0V2_

-CB49=IFNEM16

CAZU[CF:*%A8Z#RR&RUBWD8


K_

ME@^P2G8.BDZPN[;-C






MBM%23-Q$80GID)5GP!//
N0
%_M0%4PNE)UR_8_.Y?,V/KL`XG8%=D0V?`\
M;+CIJ$F.3;]^2C(EJF`5096^@T;6HX3Y^+P`/X1@-T-4IDV8B$.A.FZM'KZ



/OP@-09AVW??!#



6/M;N';(_&





7PO(WP/GYTI`_$
M
J\(]0&*
'/X=[%00=1$EU
E\!@=\X$*`L'Z7Y$AK+D7]V.FYMAR+-'$'+`P
MZ\G+NYD'(\\-AR
W#`3ZKN+UYP@2(#UAH?,4`9`,(!`E'=$YU(=%WS7BR#


MV`\K`!GK!WZ#/

'UG<2H:[A()B86@T#^1-16XSHWWLMB`NU&4^;XN07D
M^RP@4W#TV!O3G3J`T--EQD80-3J2A[XN0$JB/.;=\6<7UA6D34?Z2!ANHM
M`],$CHFQ%AE7@?`.0LY$,'NPBU]@!L+JH1,PU']88[@$])H4\2^5_Z<CD'?<
M/;!9,&?X%O@;L!G0_V1F*YC6D'(FUMS;9&@R1+9ILS+0N2IBERX1G-L1O;P
MRG+VF=05VSP=^9-I2=(X6=E].U2

M8Y!#_=WA)_KLZ%$?5PQ#:QI#4VJ*.'L?_:9*;:NIG/R7+




RA\JA/CRW5




_^-ZPN!W'2!HY*
8AL=]ESZU
MN;






MSLFY6^E?#

X]8=IKY1FMDV%D)


G`=;_O*;?U9^.I$57+Y556

R\$((H%+


MD


XOJGR2'/877\.IFBU)O_5=1.8R(LL+AQ)V7@1-
NUK7+M.2=II4
M1#7(I;;$.!LKA1S&.1M$4#9



6RB[
7L
M5INH0.)5E4N'W3&%Y8X^FSOPK';HB;G6`X=EX'I3ZIG+'7T.Z-C3[;3NN[K2

Y6[MIEE9]@21*J
1
ML'`2ID3#_=C<3:4
2AC4






Y;^*.




;!HW]F5_A=:$
M'TM+8X1C6CBFA6-:N`S6_




<PD`?V!*32[+!)G(/R


MF=15)08`


YT??D0QW7&P.ND\RF


X'6N[8
MQ&.&10-


#


TY2&KW+!2&E+/&E8D[3$&J-%1[1DDL2ZZ?
O;\??C7=/X61B


Q+FQ

ME8?6M?[0O/AU9=V2:[`G$W33LJ_EO2XEJ')6.18(J]`7=\4Z+\:E^.





M)QFLY9#YI=!Y&-3V5*8EI5O*MM1]?R:8M=!#9Y7]56=W\K5NU..ZM*;F@6



M!=RU5I\WH67S866S55&)K0B]V9;80[D&JJ*:Y05UO24/!E59[5K+SD_4&%D.

W


]TIM+O/6M)@K





@4.'9JBVSJBV:!379$+;GA])P2S@U




!7Q!%S)H5Y-]D?W4*[T




M8
O


M3-0$=`?!E'J


M_8[3)=[Z41O-]9





!OD


5*NZ7!S]T77,*SXZD3XRS!*A6L6:#^VX08PKCBK.7?QE!-2I
P06






U9ELP

M!;;TK*%00`!!D
C!:Z26/


!1S$\7PE$UO77WH*OW34WMMFX?VJW.#4=Q


B2YCSB

M#




'+!+3

M;3@[VMR2-!A;&C-\FY$+[$\QS@;YW9WXSW!K'UP/^#+XL6V]1U^&H&_$?TV
MGQE_.,QMS`7.+'0R7RYJP@-!'K#!`!B4N)'1N;YYG:G((['QF[`CM991VF@


V\




J


M2!^D3R$
<3KME/.S6M\&<J'CJ<+
A@R&#%





#S?_S$PZ!56IS[.ST0?P@
Y'O&9]V(9O$G'_ADC9:'OJ6S2+O#7<<
S2V
M_=A'H4)D/^!)R`#U7H'%2*6D15F$`A8\&6).$XH%%`LK8D%OM%`LH%B0'Z6K


M=`(BH1+;%*DARK7_/J;5(255*5)`JDN*3C3!^5Q`5(/+D`2#RII(/_NUC4
M]_B1+?Z=E(2V5NL
G@@9M\*(XPW
]:44M-!069UO1BT1HZ^O7E9FB=$$G=2O

2A]7

M1#5ODGBF




R'9
M!_'(/OLS_K(OP;`M)7)PJG^'#OJKF0-*;%LZL?'^)UCW[7CAZX)+K/^:&EN
M@G7!)H['/0MYR2`5
%MB6&%7]`%/\(O`;Q^%+`9_]

MC#

*K4^$GU7?PW@IZRF0BG/C3H



MYPDSF5

M]J8*/CP%IV2+_KFQ!TS]('P+PS)CT%9H#[3_D#/N)53L'8+6+]S-Q9_A46MG

M





=-H.V3=EO[R\_?H81\2)9C!C;

M8N$2C+/K@O:S
-RCD?26H\I[7]MBQ'(V&MBHYF3(VRBZ@(ED[\Q&?DI/W565





!7/`HFRQ+W##:A,9^Q0G(5O^
M;.:$F.<?`?/\Q'(\<^1M^TRX]<FXV%:HL=\$</]UX7+PUQXPGM?O_1)Y(



MS


AP8/V%TX`3
4S$3-9;]_'+`TN8
ME.,*SX8H84F\/OA)A;Z!P!%ML:OE^&U&,('X;X2^!FRQ$.?*!L63C0:P2-2
M^).




MO9ZZ2$'K*/JC
%Z4K




@;Y\:5**6B@%I40;G=8AV7ZD%/57LJ)-@Q]Y1=(*6JA%)02K;&H
M7W-U@E*B]6A.K5*B=4Y,*.Z01G1%]5.[U!I#C:[CWC`O1`WN/THE&/MS&*
M2Q[6G(C

!KU/8

D[=`[6Q%W*24`]_K
M3!Q

L'O^(2+15*15C&7.`UK
M!U%2\OGG'R/Y]I[S^;MK
0ZOXW3^*!!W8$\O7=_Z^NO?_OJ7GU?7!
X#1TR]




G`M9+/\/L()1*_



*D=AFAU&SPOX(]X.DU@XU30^$?K
M2PO
ENMB:AN
Q2H-%\Q`&

M\^BXJCWJA7`K6$2T:@%




T]*YI%1(Y&!'`1:K

M^#CLD5

U-#=\%*Z6H\=Q


M2Q&DQD'!6IG@12T#GHX15JU:D@]LQ@K/YS'G:A&*JYE


YU)NOH

$R`$Z6&0KT#'H9710L%.78
MJO.%


?6

M

QVS^I!24K






H*B3PWD=]R)[58I#8NR`J2%20K2%:P02(_P@I6?2NDF#[_5HZRC)?
MM88+G45!]B
F5Z\P&Y\

!A)=`DJ+'W[2`Y=
E;742
M=FK-?@44M
E
&^OB%J$9[79K


MJ+I@AC;NMS:)*0XF_Q*#5S!+M1-)SQ$(3MX4K^_J2Q2]4QI4:[KZ\N368!
3:8-;CUU+)9ULKY@CB!U4]&L
M0

M5/C(:!+(E8`7I^I+!_A37W4^P1,-C7)3U(W'4?'D%^[3DFY4'5S4R8NA:K+
M\H14,61FR,R4637(S)3S)QPV;D

M_:_/D4].?5$_KW1Z3HM*&:_!2%\HMTLP=;%JC06+T3((*^4_
%UJ`UU9KH@R

DMF.
MM%Q?A;K\YLSJV0^1-F+\_A



MLX]7[W\XQ]R(:!:Y/!3VJU=?X.6
4[F7-QUSYKO;(-6JNXX@$DO_CO]4
\/9M#(-4W&:Y8/
<M?W3L<`H?H4^)

MK#=FO2_SC=30DS;T)02N@;C^DXU73Z
P=0B%385]#Q;D\$/TS3B6HGN^MFSX






F`R0GR$I73(`6^[%KQ3E\$^D6I54K6UC

MWB4



M6T-2JQSR%DM.(YJ6?`[%-_D

`(;)5
HPM9:-LBOKQ

Z544BP?!$PAI@5LL1CI95;&#UD^6K4_CGX<5KA!;
M;,E5+45B'T4`5DTF584EE6#-I01KYTC*Y%Z_8,;644689:F=56RG[G*RE;J



HG$;98IQIW:`9
ME0Z
\[;1TYBIWH!XJ'$(

M4=6J\*5
Y3Z_GNR8=5OFM%NB/K0*:WR_FSJV+3:2&_-*0R+!G4YP)!^2CV9C





MZQ@(;L
+#MS_`Q(;1WXOLVO!<LGHMWJE?@
M5X]3'QP8QR];#
9!14=)3V*OJ

E%'E#P+[IXRBRX-[).U=-*C%WH-_
#D0S]`'_P(O9[ZZ/_AIG'<1[A4R1P?8)$`3I2
M-49%A`\HO]8231F&'91AN?P1O$SMJS4XU'D:OAAWAC?]JM%L
H*)$Q&/A

Q6]N9BA'B#[][\QV'(=:!(B
XQC\H4\%'!M


MT
_Q

E&1G
MG[_\(7\X3[[SYW'$$ANEV9Q[3\DOZC'H/'#J'80+.^8N9YEI:X`S/W;VV]VG
M3S^P
_Q6&9ROGO_HX0/PQIEC+V:GZ!=5^8/`OP_X#
LF_'[W_M


/232]V=B7#JVPK-.-7DR^%=


M0[Y8$$8M25ZA6J
NBC4C1O#C:#8J!=5;DS79.TMFGZ%?)SB1'.01B!!VRA



M44)ESGWE&)DT\*
MEF6S%NJNB\2/BU,'D`\7B-2RF:ZJ`*+!@H&O1Y$1.LCH9WVE3$:]GR/(IX



-3&]%ZCH:XG
MR3=H?%^;1ZC1:-=3L8V#4@V;





'\2GJW]1.?)RCF?
M+O

9J;7I9=#?L#C2EVI(@G4
12P$CG^?V&U
VN$%:J

M$EJ9ZK:J*EL?XUJ@F=NOI;FI]BQKDP9B6?Y&U?KF6$-&!)8C15*B2/PWXNZB

MX6;5)&
)`A(55J'_L\6SXI-25RP:(S5[YY59Q?+1\?/



MMND;P#)S5-E4)2,G1D.B;)(,ZPWIYXU3VJ)Q;.2PNNBBQ*-;[)(*U*#*JA
M:#&$B5CT)BY:MH$4%%\4SJ-P_;=G%$UY/&RG1%

M



M#%I63(LU%:4NA-;BP*5&A);:_!D$?SLN=3(=/V!9RF4%6)9^#VP*Q$$AV=
M


LQA.+L*Z
M:&V%CCEI/D#9


1K
9#Y[6#C8LNL8QQQ*3SO=-





MYE19^V$0*6$^9J):UJ#;
FC_N#%*;[8..:))2E]3I3=:76W&ORY*?RQ?7AE.
M@N:E



L3%8UPDPS+0QAAJ;`
M.;CVCU$H0^YARU((PPIINL]S-FYJW-6XDTGS$YK_;B27&-J22PA?30U%=1Y*



)3URYHU9GB

QY\%6'\

M6AHLLH-#H]76V
$6NPC9!N!BM*R`(9?(6

M)[AQ`A8(E^


M]3O79NCCD*;C


ZBK^\?Q*^S_TY8
M/5A/VZV!OF/4I$_UL[;YNR)1ZVL[2'FI'G6UJ0%)HG'#-/Z_F4.:)[SN
MN:AZ=2G145;/-3P(

US]IV]9%
MUUV?]/.V5S#=)LLD8W-0GE7'.R19L%3$[GE(N+%S`Z0;`$X/+UU*!4N*YEZ

2&]/R([


M(R=?%@Q7VI26HSQ/(XQITWG.K04'J!I5]6/



5EBMRJ%I=31:$*WP-4GY@B6HTYHF/.


M15M!DT7@/H'0DX;Y




2Q-



@FRF*KT^4?BGN'4^55_4G:@'_
M`
`V[#Q0IT/G@70)0&N^3!GTB(C#EEE71FM`QRI/J2BE@('9U7:0G\9:^UB7

4

]9=5


M29R[X4YBN'P&&7K&J$&6TVJ5*FAS!#=H8P0W:&
%-:S)1UTEOZ


E<U?KIRR2JU*SH+96YZO'G/I6*IFK^VX$59;%0EDL%)J_+!7:XPR
M':5%]T#'FK<J;=W0NBHT88^Z:H).CBR)&C?^#Y;L4/#S'HCO?(/:MWK2Y





(\J)HYRX




X7\5/:^J[OH8!6SNSU

M=EP5G3`9C?_$!
709Q
0

M'JO%?_%ZCBTL/U`-?H=(C'N26@4\9UMG58=+1TFAF.9OG;)D:3$N6DHZ.9OG
M*J%A'KE
V!T6O?B6^49J:%D:6N;UTP)3R?.=M6_&0
_(BK
F37?*G8U?5K$-








JV*M5$*VZTN_I8
MA&JOBTU']EOFFO17(L,;^F4B`)GP@P%S@?#ZM+W[%1*'[+^R&
(FK!6*$@H`R8H<1,$.!H^X55P@.(2YD`0\%
MLV$H'CC2D5




F
=*F(_P*B;I
*^FO;)J;8T9E&U7?A-?DBUWVD8E#@4R



MGZ*.


$]
M&;3:@IL



J;J93'-5U7-+3X402<<DFONN27CW
MJN9E@4_JGC7;WJC2J)TC2Z/V^@77U1Q5I.`HM;.*[=1=HE#92CTI`JFP:3.F



MOU:C3[(SKDYV9



M=)1?)T!3H%




MPI@&#YOG2&C/.'#$A-E6H$S5^^`+H937XKD?&].ECS1MGLXNJV_7)$M+'F





S


3YH@H(]/='UG8[D[L!)KS#6Z
M_#

M@O^MGPX/Y+6PQ^M':^DRU+:



MT]CI-*XPY0]W153NG_AOY

ES$=X
M%9-TF%?37EFUML8
RK8KOXDOR98[;:
2AP*973*[)5
AREXAS&B85*PM[YFE

MC

MJ7Y1M?OTJ*X:1=7NJ:$E:6B)J]U7;H?]9$7MBTGE**MTCJU=G_
NJ;Z:KW%^




72-T)3:#C99Q^:-
M.2DXA3\TYLT.?XJN]ELM`TE+YHT9:[*/S1MSTF^*?VC

MOXQMV2586*&Z$PE+L\
:C%J#HB36B-)=I)2DE$=*:]#7MW-
.DDZ23JIP5&V

MT[A35D:KKZO+=0GE:KM[2#M*9



'GH.$0/C%)/!G



]Z.

ME_Q5/S[&+QW[KKV^!;B0*TM)DF6V

M7UKG





MY4:V4E)L1#2+XA?'';#\V3P04^%)L`EXK3\3[`QT3_X`_0![.^?*FN!UX&S@

\
MU7J0YS



M=_JAGA_
H)%K8
1KE@^.T6
GA(_0I6<&Q
M



ML)P^EZY0]2

T6*T!P)!^2CV[#/ZRRY5_DO&8!T\XC_#JM
MU.GJ^IP/3(VU#9LP`R8_=JR=KA6W'6C0:-CJT82#_#+YY3UUYC+`_'R/SY)#
M<6'`;8''?7,II%D/3VT.VJTA^6GRT^2GL^E/7V-!L:J21.UX53+IF5)T<CM
[@\U+@\24BJ.


PO25U)+4DM2RT&Q^TLGU

M;JNCL^58UJ8EFNB2T*(IKX48ME=-WT.%D$'`@Y%Q:6PG?6NPBK#A[CE[

M[0A_1R]&;([+RK*),3N]8@%I/VH.272^7C)R;%O:*!1[.%EZN^


DJO;0O:E&RN!3W
MCJ=66/V)6L;3I7U:


M482UY:9;/Q#P4&9%02`\ZXE-W

M$G+







M2(_B2D1H



M*)B!+0K+GCM=@%)ARXBRX&0D8N:
R


?)6.K/#@(P!

^[:QBNPA
M?%R&;?M[AX







M-'
!X6EYU'%&B3/'=U/'AL!5[_;\435/=@F.Y$/RT6RHC$I;JBMUL/?UM34R



W?0EY*'(
J]H!F^002'005ZBGH0Q

M8)=\L
T^U:L[WE46G@1S4BJ*3=D_H\W.NM%U;-UWK5YX?VD7&MIV1GGQ5QP@

M03ZTPCC09PWJ#P-*JCG4%%-235&:W
^KKAJEU.2'R_K`[\SH:5R:V5-L!WF:

NGKGQQ5J
E''0`]/3)L-%)CI5U
M2W%JWNCV\DI;/4!:=3%OIU#$1NE;9=2JTVGUBQ(*:0]I3\VT)[?#//75GKWJ



IVUYN_'+





M)5



MUDI;E%=;&&D


M9E6MYH@F\


MCA99Y;*)






QM*Q
M'1X@?^Z4/X@X)

M9K\UTM@?)K[-G0`&:@J^_7Z*P.@7UI?NL-73V9=)X

MFD=GQI_8.(::`S.
!&T

MPG+^W+85B

7^7&`'
MO7L5Z

MJ5`G*;V#?5FJ40\+/(


M\15%&?X6S&W'^G2-5SE:AO&9PWC:C@P#9QPM5'Y]0%5(;?F1:Z.:`%;^%%:L



M*;4;?4^(53P9G_D1W`V=7)



O*]()Q$.JCDZQS8
!36CNVK/['XIIZ




B



E5E_%


VX905184KP74\KAVJA]*\M
S?VU_
EJ?FF*TSQBK[(


M




7W`K?7O0[G?ZH:_3[
MUV;OZJ9W


[WFP]W7]C[
M#^SB]O;];^\O[FZ^E-'C?%D4D@`-\+P(XW^PI.@CWT(8!GYF@EY(F7I5XWCA







MI4
-*TRBVV*?_2?%V9UPRBG6FU*
DS'4.D[%T7X/];)G%\G[/=!+-HHT=\4T







MKAT_].;W3[]]_
_-#;N\^7!S^_Z.77RX9I]O[MY_OOG]YL

MWW[UM9+;_%LP.4=*FH#9


M


M.OC


M!KTM0A'
H`U++?''
'=

$&X/$+=&\)-SN'%G4U0N)`%$)/%#FQH&N9/




M-N!$S/

B
M&


M`W_#IS^3I0;D:L%G)FL.
MWPMUS_8&_;_P!@F#8D&'!)_)F$[M0;C^G%E\[H30E1D/OHIUYC5LB.!PDUH$

*A_Z/UI?6FC*UV'44

MT%D(%:!/UO34R?N\03,#HC^V6`EB@L&#\9#@G10BV!\+%!+!7%U;R)IYH\A
M+E:JI0:QCD0EG_O05ML=6'Y\9W21Z6T\T`\.'XDP6J!*EN!
Q9V;&GWTFE'




M:BB@E8\&#3:YRL8;?J
(1LDFPJ-:*##UG92FP2[_8)/AISF2?H*OAKG.LX[&



CEDE60#83F]+



MPVQ_OP9?`\%ZJ!B?8VIUUV??=2=^\

M[@3L@;N14&?K5US4C'LVXRP0EN]9CNLL#X_@DQ;T9GB]7&X!#7YB$XC
!&*4
MAQ$\0N(-'_P'
1N+8+6HWVF?J\?
!)=1H.C1F





MK@3('4+6FB!YC/0+!;G9-@XYPJ]-VG47ZB$S;8(P0;B$0MT;PDT^O74UY=Z]
M8(ZW9=7C]=6%K*C

M:_*'5;;YEQN6GO$0[/^]XWG06ER+?A+\D#.]VO&5\Z&FLNS:'9'N4HH=N7Y[


MD+5HF+6@*1D%8MMN^H2
3)8ZS!A3
OE4EHZ
*AE5


MU]_`-L]
=$=TV)+
Q%E/WWYT_:U$H\.PA.]%LCEW;+*K+VJ4V=4WLZ&9;PU-


RJPH(1G/3%G-N=6
M/@<`BBRA42='GEEPC8P`<B@=TB0P$6;J:IG.3$-CDL:Q(JMOO-%8:W5F:F34
MWU,P]851SF%KI:/6[65`A&?K+@2AT@;P@Q_K(
H.X7VP!QJW'.G$/_$CK+N



M6JWZ[*_7
_4QV#5^=M?XV5ME8&^
J&X3N0%R`\E-YH`.YI
;:)P;
+L#JCFC


4&+1%
M0[;@)T



M[:6HC*(RBLK(





#TNGP(
W6U3
:@JS$J)IO44)MDZ%QL:(HU2D6A/X9\[(IM
MUQ?6L)307


B(PTOA^CBG
MXE&P1T``F_






4?3%#&;5RA9@KU9M'W
P
M!N!PY52(4(5L'-S_1K2PEH%I^?`72`G@BX^8^*[K/T*[WV7N^$O]3-VS-MMM



BV0F0MJ=



31P40*@3PQW_&S94+(H[763N0


*W
V1S
M`0%A!^-UQ`E




M4@HEEW%X*HP;KCW
U6BI`4ST2_)9@@8,B&\X'DQ!UX9C=+'*$B-HNK$1B^

^61G:MK[
\)W26:&D

MFAU]Z90$@\KP!CH,Q/UA\&Q![KJO3X$?



]LQRH\SV[)GM)ZT;7J\L
M/

##(`U





N2_X=1X=2S@D!0A$O51HCYD^Y]$?92H]]X*SQ:A-T
_[[0M@.]7HFW`[;(Q=#(CY\S
M'#0<R<^RPDXZ1#I$.J13A_8_/IQ;TLCIP++D@3*UF1W#&&&
$/3B@S(VCAN

MZ



M(P(+@87`0I$+888P4SW

+^7F
M$U;(ZQ!FR+X05DZ-%;(OS8MJBSG'\3&$$6#ATURHTC6.]R!DB(NV=)2#$NM)

RC&NO2]Q*!!::K1!F#-EPLRK`L@
M!R)K#P1(OGJ!JT2G6;O\U/@/&`V7\)F5^9X?TKQ?A8;0NS5A!4*W0@SA!G




/B


TLHMZ9GT*B
MWB+JO3=A#XLU



V

M:3YI/FE^532_T]99.8YT_Y2PS
@*I.'$
MIPTT9FG597V,P$W@KC.X]TY+K4KV:5[;#3F-.95'?

M!
F'Y$/RR4\^F7853F2XDPU\HP
W'RJUE_=B6E]:NJEXEZTY_JPIS_VL::7B
M+W


MH3$8S;\21*54VC#:9
!IM&FT:SC:Y*YIS&G
:7/GOE@N_R8N09-\2#XDG_SD







1L$[[G)EMXY`E
MFKVS5LLF\2U2+E?*:UJXPQ

MB!0V#9+AT3(\I/KKW@D*#9/AWC%GDP]R7G$Y9=P#%.$'S
8$@ZAS#Y_2MN2
MIMUN]75UN2Z+B81MPG:-L5W/S$;*9JV/:
Q+WY#K
PGC0X5&569KI?5-OJ&

MJLNG(JL'5%6;JFJOWS2B$F_-&6P*OILWYJ3@-+NF






%N
PI56QJ^(O:18\9$VSWB]WF=C?

_ZG

M!/[?`\9;\?K;.7L`58@P&FR!H`1F.O,'-2/.0]3P1RZLPUZ
-K4DAO)AJF
MAJ

4OZS`NI0@AGO4#



M



[YUBY'C1M
MKQAZM:4ED(D@$U%L0D2/H@.*#DCU&ZCZO9'&/`Y2_?U69U^N`E%8PXA_:#?_



M[H0\0`V#P:&4/D6V[62T/77%@+JI)'P\JQ$^*0-/K8?ZY-0ZZJ9RD.FHFWB:

M=5D
)W#7!-P:#Y


_.EX3I2V[%NDSULS%B?M?4M1#4BYJLM#(8$

2L!TAG@+0'Y:#:2I-/$6D)`?.)+9(A3!#-IJL_$3
MXQ[C-OSER##@(3PKDM!D-G$\[EGP=F@6#\5



ZQL#=^
M\-0JHS[=Q,3PHK`/(#
XV8+]D?K2TL!`KZPW`C%];MUY0

M[7-FMHW-$#A#!XL;$DW




MAZ:Y2E'

6
&V4.KL]Z
M:L\24_AHQZPV.V;=HG?








M*9`H)A2LVS;.OO[PW`#(%OL(SUEOG37EP7U
38.;1IY



M8NN1R.PE`SD5;F&CTNKD0



M:31D-DZBX*$K?*GGRA26D

0/*8!]9X6?5






MA/VB.RN]S/6E]^T0ZS'I?WE(43
=E;XMLLR+`!KI?QQ6LW*?$SZ55:5T?%


65&:.;;NB


MF:[Y



0&YE8
K%;

MMZ

R
M-D$GB3LDX0YYD1:-*$0.111B)2.0N0D.IHFW#
Z\V_:E/;V90;#XYA%&K:$
M1(5.:&N4$DUH17[/\WY!YO-^VK6$&)MR6GW5G7.CCWJ^`8XE7V=2=6VH#NBU




M8:/4K3):E5MNZ*9
ZJ(\5#D7[KJ1H3/CH;#9)`JC8%4V=\Z?
$:0[

MQ=:-G!_8Q`]4I5L/AIH9;39Q)$!*32MAFAD@[5%2\W9'.NEK$GBIPZE[UFQ9





MU%
5VHL6`H\
$I8J3A6.AJW6)H%CH'7?=3?&@HHQFPF;V6G'Q1R[9



HNOSC)+YA2EP@--*GQ6


:
`E%T&(7#)K`
MYB+`$W/\'C[Z#KQT:=;`!BX5)D'=0I?2IDV9O3!`#K\X2O$C%Z[@#P+^@T:3



MQQ:KIT)'N2M]9D4!*'L(OG

NM^3HN6H&GHYFR\/)JS`(VK3HOWKX



M02T+T9\MP&7
E2,=0]65<;6UP=8(&!EY(8(_DG@S^U<-DZA?(P^ODHSJ<0JB\\0S

H2A78,-\626Q

'RJ8FD/\:IL8AM

^.'U;3:!B]K+2[#$DT(



P]3D602K/^14


HCW
\U(EYWC%-!BGBGC
SLTOS
C+;


MD8IY'[R:[?Z-)$GL.P-%@H,2S[@F5$8&P[!D7M@P"X6%VO!T[;@1\@52
M8'B$K]=6T+SV&DE@Z=,&#X%E[\0P$)@V3LP)+!08*@Q

0B:9Z=D*VOPD+%


M0&@YP+:


?_&I.\Z-EL
0O/B


MO&(5'9WDOR35QY)_F0?$@^9=K9JH^=QBI1


MJILZ?8VEZ.NB'?4=[1'-U9HSVMWV@&8NC1GM'LQ3M:44U&6TFQSG?)R+@./I
M
^9XEC_+I1A7I33$
$Q]]9#KHB$U'NT^C79S1KL[I
BV.:
]Z-*:#L4ZZ]O/


=.Q3LK@NDL.D-G=4D^)!^23Y'R
M.=*
&Y6VXVM5`+AG
XUE`6H6`'5H0Y
&FP:;!IL&FP:[3H/=Y'GL'L61*
ZF


MG99)F:*:XYLJAS=[K












MI
?RSIF!]?P@'MEG?\9?3J'8!V

MYRKXUQ+J%M-V##S*
6$XH
4ZW






M1;_CK



MEO8%?3(+9!;(+%3=+&C?/R:ST&SDN'Y%$[F?E


I9LT(EMOZ9I9U

_!L3BL.$$53SI/O




3

MF!3!@V



?NEZ^^F[J2
8M*YI%+@^%
58\5<-%LS1R3D.Q2`=_Q*_[AF;].*RLT!




3DGT0
MC^RS/^




MZF^(


M_9J6];
Z77[J+@T+ZVM1G-EV%!Y@Q^



7L)!S


M!/=:3WLD!AJW0_.R?WG9[[2'P^MAIWUUJQ(#.\.+FPOSRLP]

M(M=JW8NI'Q_CEXY]UXX?NA@VL),B?!56!23);;6-'O5M*0^,P_$(MW5QOPV
MB^C(





/AO=CR5.HUW8$(S@#\Y3(#7!H)+'R]X`@^/
MYP[L%E,]M-KU3TTI$*&SDP=PYD'/OP:PJ]A%'CRG''

M_!KBB#''``+Z





18K

2$Z)G0:A;\X-KS)!;GY


J6EQZBV2LY4KJH(







M'GE@

M/

MI6$W%D4ZPP6$67S4S9_'9)D*9Z@+.QI$0X(AP1CO8
*4Z;S3\#=Q#*S\+R


#0*:)R8HW@02L-


:^K



JW$N+?%)&LWCAZ0\I[(
Y^_H#LW]Q


P'HPLU\)1H6@6Q8Z#-;0)0Y
M@S8LJ?G\
@:)+1UHKE<UFA.M0*V^0HR%5:

]S3=\2'4%`_ZT$$Z96F+2L]&.HRYI0]_#)L


2HGWR91B(T`G$3'CAVI/6




L@5HSRN]TJ(9CIC^5M5W-9.UF6LFVX]



'=G+0@RM(TWM'26GZSJ/H1+9$UW[@/GOV90%\VJK34]&[8&

#(Y+-

S_Z9-:6]?9C`\CEFD




ZNY3
MDWTJ9\74RQ9[(6];(6-6C0&S;34BZQQUF%$RCDR^2/!(1I6
*AE5
JJT


G&FL+5M_*]'H



*=
M@#UP-Q(XFYTC.P74H22BAH?


M`H8L)6`H1(P.C8GJ00,38!I`GQJ,#1QS.MA&:@$#,5B5`*&8C$-4BJRQ$LM
M;]%9125451&EF';$MFP@%RQ^OOCVEJ+




Z#C

M1ZSJXN.JP3902FU^5#F*FK93(&78U1
=FDAMHD0^=B0U.L42H*_3'D8U=L



'O3


?-:9_80P)HE:4-_E5(XG@WCJOY./]3S@QET;DU&

WRP0JIS!*NFUSSRYOV&_4WJ*&U^/OPH7MT['`*'Z%/B0$`S7;Y7(IWBP\_


1#B5UE3.QJV`JEJ7'R0PN4%5VS.M.X
MO;-I!RJ2]Y+I/&*M8&!JW-BOB\XWVGM2(LRKXM&8`4&^LZI&$WRGMNQ!\IV5



_0&)U4=139U+5@U!\AV#J`A:R

Q6;
I8YUA*4/.ONCO#(VFND$3^OXZJYOE5$KB`H*4ZNZ:`]E
M2;\



MU



=A434W(SLOF=-:V%%1VV
M-C

BH(`(F0VQW#:]RA0
GF



@O3DX'-]F





&(/;;J?=



Z1.83'F*)M2M*
MK?2A

M2=.[E`__W@B2QG$;1?9#FK:CD-0]^9P;H
=J
MYQW_QEQ?QONZ5B!L)V06
M#X*GB1\\\LF6/1E'O\AQ:)D4;M&ZYM






+







M19)4)5DWKA_2=
YUR_HMO4%X87!(?WIC.!P


MU;=/;*LWS)*;P-LU:5;'.K%.K%


MF$6E'D0I4&`H



ZIU6(:VG.3(=4@<%!?
M'!@
EGT):S?\(==UDR.1XK2E


MIR/OR4Z\)W(=Q$DT39G`XG_87I!2AET'=XF=9.Q@-Z.A%]B!0Q%R2Z)1&(WI
M+V3Q[G0S@E3B7\CHX]FPGXY\_]/\Z[[_]_P3_][Y.=WG?Q+W@:K%%^)G/2#Q

G_A'V3\C41GBN?2C[.=Y)TZ[/2'YD`=#'N]3D?K


0M\/O]


MA\SR*G!%T1W&]05
*@3J77_0L^/'H1]^WU9^T-8'5K_?Z`Q[;;-GJL.&;K7G

M3[VN

K`-;'.%[7.&)-MO?7U-
]4%C1^L$V`/V

M[+&R$BCH='C8O=JR'



Q-B:)LHRV'
7*!ED?).M/GOW-\[WD^1AY


M2TERP51:A
R8U8EM$)JFJ@RK

T/:

M.HV.H;AU54FY4'=SPQ.70MUE62%5#
P
S`S/J@$SPX69J3#LS

M%NU2`U;X;YCFVD#7EBNAP-#:?WE]8E$6)=-V3^;1*TAT?MN6Q`=ZIF5Q#G
M.ELJ;4+MQ%99_3AWM:@\2*]TB?&@H*7UE-;&`1KE41.(X@%AN&&X8;AAN
6\

@
MB:^#N\1.2/KSS6CH!7;@T.V[#6
_2V5
MKT)?I[@S2MDO@/*A$2S-U-&890]^TS_%BLD<.G+7M@)%$.E?_=]JB:[:0EV




M

M?HM)])0^?AU
Z`&CES%)Q-?!K6\'&==YG+]BKMOJ-SI63^TUK6YST-`&0RVM
MF#
&[?1/O;I7S


(^?1
\]=QEZW2

1=-GF#0O^3


K!
\W0RZPL
M`28)J+<@@@+IP.<#J#Z$JJ^U698QP'5/RPZFX]0Z=5W7%TOV(;V+&.!^/UL

@SSJ^#8+YU1*(\1!PWHA/=ZL&('*7%R%
MK#^2P2`O@4^9:ZN

[)'K)7F5@J
M9


MU(L2(WN(?Q(
WB586BM+W3M69BDUEGR]F.T-G81.
LB606ADE!)J14$BH)
ME=R:=V46?#E48






M190T0CEX$HS

.LYM%85
^JKIW&64

MF0`(`.)40


M;[6


!S&YX7O&?#AB<1%X893-QL@MP6J!/UTLQT







M&\`&








4\X&877*\C\+LDL)H^J_3
M=PNR*6Q[Z/I+60Z9.Z1E*GDR]TG%16K$B<10U\PLJ((;4TBM@PK!`4\G
MH



(S;4LO.(1S^(A6YY3D=F%IE9


;3\1?ZF.V_/#\




M
)






[7NN2]&W!OQ6E=^.@R3$PR(IM9(0SQ_2)^:+;'(=Y(S







MNE;9[VX\'CK#L=?Y?G?I;
XE+.;TI%
D)II^]09P'[J(VW71\7TX;NE7H48LL?_($^[?9ED
M:N=INZYC[')/B3QM)(1V4HV5T%;']QO45B@EE!)*N7T+M62VQH52;H0=AV=I
M[Y5]_6(F=Q$D5Q%_Y3#/69'SQ^^3P'?-WCX_-^G@S#*'YM@=C_O4LR^&RVGE
M[MG8/.MZ]O9=WC7_`'*7T!Q&^3P.;D7_[16()A1%

M0FXWG+SM=R7)'*.]N[G0(X[NPXSQY^5X_V4Q8_QX




:1U]9^/0@=0==::[2I_5^




M

MP

M/6W395H$
;E:7O&4YTBUY5^CT]]1NA&IG;_--]=!O\$9S[K[;]!P:'B'D\NA


M2LWD0!.I@=)#9W8)=5:39VP7&@%M&)3*W9I&J*F5D@LPM!7)YK)8&F#SEQR
MV%DP+5A6A^;4@>/1-,MU?7EEE-N045#W#C_,K788^\))[@=6G+&$3:/B/,V+
M?.


M95;:ZWRLK;78L9*'W`::@3ZE37WH2&76][*@Z2P]'&

M@:/MP










Q91LHB32AD-?Q
PT





MSF]SE@6B^HQ$R22=U3*
JU





M_%
R%LPX


BB+4_WHRV&=1[PRF-
MS]25NW%QZ&


MRTDDQ[Q8OF')-NB[FDI)7\4T+!DV2$EC\RCHHC:/N@Z-


7ORZEEP

WWZ:7+-P$;/?



M`#@`!^``G


MD@:?\]EZGN4:TKI8U

M/M=!C:I7/LATD8]1\O`
7_YGK]%MVG

M?ZF'=D^2O]DWD=TM_O`HC1I[8D5%[CN&O/)TU=58=[90VS;D%1R#+6JSQ3
'

0OK,=.[V(/_=I9\;80


::
&=5`BS8VN0Y&W

MJ(KN@W/@'#C7+L[UJ43G!60#V5XCFTT-$V0#V1HZ\I$9E^G.MKTFDR@1@=V=








M


MKU@!E@T+8W(42F6)^**2N]_7WS01;(HWD1.ON7_CDL%DPN)X^9IW)^9)^3M7

M#G/1WN1B=\])E/`=*%WD01+F/^SCV+H'#O_X'$R^7&7I(@F%)4^SMW]G)K.G





MCEN)LT1&2;:6#LJ@T
-I:MI&0UX&.9RFLJH/RY)V;@PU45ZSRS0ZT@)M(/3*
JZ&]L


0_B546$CR40
D9SDTO5Q;#9DAAB!T$\@2`J`2.9^?N:%!XO$5;*

M7J!LKPG

M2_W8[B].:;J_5+
-@J^WFY5/_/N4!ZF3JNT(6^6+
..DAMJA1@IFBKBYN7

MI2'C[JNK/)*^O&EZ&S5JIF^8G`I5U#=



M$MZD)=S*)MS*UY=PM&11$AVJ+N%-8Y\*'9I5ZVZ81@O5NI64)T6T+1JD*8D.
M=;7M/NI$/VUK8P








!IR3^9Q59%YAFJH7C.O
M2FD'4`\Z^[0@+!)XS99ARSLI.Y1D55DE3E$=0#O]!355**2*A%&C);
AT!;*
M0.F47.ED2?%MV[(+HU6%
*.GA@%FX`+GL+3?3)




MA!BJT0$
@EAR*]TVNL5ZP4CI5RZN:RR$Z]8S1SD&]@@/=TP`HTK0JR
M(\I


M(LIX
TH@]4N^?M(ZGI`ZB(6F;=R-O


V8;K1]RIU%57
+*5H#(L&`9;6E8`
M+P7+;
ML
J_8ZUG*
1H:&



MESNK0NO=G]R-7JE/56



*;4\L

)^\
M

MT&MCJ8




MJ?1&!

M#'Z=TAL/GP@GW5GFZX47]_TPGD;\*Q'DW`_[?_WK?_[[O_ZYN`^_'_



8_9-7]D7\*QNSGL?F6X[P7\
M;


'+
91%Z//WCM
M':1



G
5NB`PWNC^CI
M7DSS?W0C3H^)Z;W]Z1V-HJ]3O9]4C2])_J'$8G?-#-F\YF'I]JF^\_]7MA
M-/;Z?RV^L]ZSNTB




PG%X


.(8VFM$L'L%^N8P;I^
DJE2OR^8/B&&PVF
M*7LSG`DQI-=)EO(H9BB6A8#[V8MD*UOZFHFXQ;TG%KE/A_B.OF*TCZF1X=
M#A


`A9$8KR/O_D,;3
MG&E:/@T;S.(;V=TS:9NS30!1/\*7)$`.+-3:XP_9(8O36R5LW2U*;L9[_T
MW8F7S-;^B--%MBF3SN+N)_.WPO2H2F%1L2Y.T[O-\BLX/3GE/SN_6SRJH)]
MY#[0+)DOH



MCQ@CD(C:0.PEV%3^]]FO92OV(7KY/PS







MRTYH:9IMF`A`[PS8`8:1@&T5,H)R0=05YE;D29I38-G68VS/#/ZM*YXVDA
MA!.J?&?7`E@!5G95+!V)%40!EFJ#!7X%
`

TX1A-!*6[H])U+
2MP[N2


M.6`.F%

@JDU
MZFUY[E=5[%K@NR+X%HG?#7FU%X!OX%LI?#LURZX#W\?L@I5E
RNOPZ`*\1PZ

(..S=U4%Y



]7U3%



U&C61YXI0'::MD/&VC

M[O%LT3)I14KOX1$Z@^SSZD.,!K3NZRN:Y:X9G'C5FR/O?]V34_O3'?I)])









M



F3JW@L1=22

M%SYUW-Y?V&.TDQ?V%7C'6H%WTC5AWY9)$8\?JP6?#XXO150\+17;;^\#:`W^


93GZC[;4UM/

3RVG32VZK@W
GEIZ:GED
M


?2!O;TE&I3N[[E3LMIZ^

_#_K
M9(7WTIY)TS0=7R?S.7V?+(MH.4WP9A8VRQG=29-.I&@T6B_6\ZB`%XSC5897



MI^L

0J/QHMD

M/$HSXJ7W*'-X]$.1Y8$F\9M#=GLG37BV+\'YF#8(=RT$?L71_878(^2;
]

@=:QZNZ

)J'^EZEHQFTC7:'?:
M!R(?
./

%DOHZ7H_A

H7-](B+F8I
M`(1
G2'IS
'@1USD
QP*B$%#GMLW
!I
;$+7O1!+2;YE36V&/RRE#I-EPS2#



[8UXA



M6$4(&CT':GU);BYQRPS(!AP*5D-GJXKU-\YER.\T#?G0PG4`B52W=I`7602K

&$BH=Q]D=J+#%%[P@
[#H:B#

MM^3A#

MPHJ3@:F)3.^
BC7&R?AP@'L^EL8)3)Q5B;($Y!@IRHOR&:V9_@@`S5?1'!%Q

F&8Q

M%8@X+8'PQG2V3;9]_C8B!AQ`:E^3@&UQ
L
!BRSE%:P/CE.

MF1L9K599^H
XD7-WEA?GR?*

2

@
M6#=:?5Z.+$5]25PE)DO7@UGC;#!HEA5.$3-`Q#M1_ZPOT9(H$O(VD&KG






M-9
BYC6G=PI'N8F\1`4D%3$W'Y
%&L@DM:ET%/Z[Q(CC990GE)
8Q_DH2RYA

A'+S'$HJ4LP8!`/@(W
M#X)/L7JJ)KAG)26X+#^S0&H`P/B
6)7PA2+4^
*[[Z;15
S`@-SVYZG
H#3]
MR+9CR1GZ^=#8CT;Y/&XF!%W#)F(P;7EWDS;!U=LHPVW_:SVF*F4@54QT8K0U


=FV&
M+#BIYL3K(`AB2AE6=G&#(I09%0Q=8T'./`'\X*(O$551GBZ)\-%
9FF1#+-H



H

MIY+DSBN@.LOJ_H#

MK=MVY.$Q[R.

DM'1@FNX(HO&

M1)0JZYI9&U?6Q)6-$Y0TC5*ORIU1(PMEXUH&*G]Z_+NW+:K3X*/*6;DP^0'_
M'B#S




\HT[


7?X%7R();I16`3&6(S22P2(8(Y\0YF5X@`

@B^1Q$%
*A1-QC]/U98$AHO)5@%7.!DY:.+%.;<Y0+`B(H%_YEQC
3F+
M[QLPI1(PXM*[J'IT@2_(A/]:6BS)BQ$*


=1-F)%[_ZF;N(`U
D6:'=+.NXKF&-ZXCF4R;T`
MO8`^


M/Q

MNS^#-LN80
7#Z$\OVW^6]GXB`Y]C?I0RW!.JCKCD*T#9CFH'SZGG6]U&2.NQ


=E63)&OL;C&!%P&&<[W+W2YWE00K6('<G&B
IYEC5P:@GH[+\
MVTT.V;D**N_!$A2LV8FVJ5!0'CM_41(C3;=UAB9L4G-G91^U2F7Y'8BV:;LL


W[E.6+E
\


M3EY9(/7V:[I*1I(IF[\
=H2#VR3`;=-U

+K``&77$))A`U

RBPEU/I+;

ML4[XN@W/^73QU?E=^O+UH_?_#E#*_I/M
#(8$/



M


MK!



!$AITC8?\JIOB%/O'E-$YG=]'


M&?'


JP4D2=[O(%QI^#KX%/

1U1L855;W.:





#`H6&*\T
M!7[?N?U5&2
P-H\GQ7L9

M;^ASOHI&XG/[S;].QL4
_H0U7:+6SLZQ;T6TRN/WXH_J#8.XF`I06?D7-:\!

2Z*NBI75C_S&:I?
U2R6HVIM[D+Q(


I[:0PK+0CU!V%'5Y&7I4;)<DHL79@B@?5%A/P=:]\O40

Y8W$A#W2Y8]H
=

18Y2K-




2W,7/WD.#IV!*5PW2B2\.FK9?6W4&I9T#H*SEOUXYXS^/9SR7W=46:<B
MZEZ#U\5NQT-5W5YRK4!)SWS]
QS4LS3Y6'9U\(\%2/['77.JGV^YN]JB[?'


?OG6%7'VVFKH45

M?)!^T%=9BCLR*XK5^W?OKJ^O!S\NL_D@S:;O5%G6WN'/[_#!-_SYXF8%SP
?

M


BS9!:P;
MNF-X[E!QA[HB)A]JMET+4
.8W0!R9



M`\A45=?U;2


M6PZ4T!:K==R@5KDVC=D-(%.65=\UAIKGHJ94+4/8-MK0-*U:@!K&[`B0YIN:

M73E0P;&W94X/NJK8M5O6-&9'@%195X+0\30]D&W7430QN::#D*D'Z.$QNP$4
M^D/9'%JAK2FZ9:$C(7

P(7;%L
'

MMA7P:5Q=#3GZ09VK]1AJ&+








HKB][(.(
X4&XCEH;A6T:
#=!B
148C@65SRER%07RJ\Z'JZ+)I6S+V1L`@;YG(]6W#

M1@@NLJ=C]

\



M57=[E'&:5H6\1^D!MZH



MO]`]%I\06?$/FBN%KS
X
M1$919])5OS660R/KI(._\S<V318(]@U=15BSC+)\EJQUHKHVFV[





MC+$2ZH\.O#Y:`VZ3^/D419LTYHOC






I










N:`;FXJVXR6HQO:@+]74'I9N:CDA-
M.U79`C$T;<7U=58OQ^AMD5MMPY@GVSG$+2`'IS6OBFFFK8OV1DQMQ'!Q!5#O
M)'0[F


MG2YVMJN).;


+`-W&
;^H2C`04Y(DFNI?OV






M9S$
V=MX



B%COHW`KC@KZE;=03LWJ^MN??\9;<D%VXX+Z5+K6`')K6&[RP<BZ
MQ



YD!?^:

3O]2


*
M`^O7[6S]C$7^:/=XV2D1SB78;H7MB&9@+FQ*Z3QRR&V$/\U



MR
2T4(^&:T%X4\C3B$HV93=G%;D4XN;8CN


MDN:F=U$NA_70
*XLFZ6





S81;H/

M[@)-!21&Q\`(9Q@5:B

4\]M@BFV$Z2+T@Y*%')=&)#`B-%6`HD_@8
MV?@THB$'$XM^KK6;K;AA5:1X(3)V$2Y:&U7D#8M-:+M%UYXV38W17I+PA+!8


M'
487%JN5PH;#'5:+!X`4IY('HJ8$6.D(D9%G/C


&S2
3I#7.*?B

M2K&7$@PJ(B=.PZ



P)RX]P
IQD#B\F%0MAJ*[DM(M64=]NB`H\;IBQ1-.$8


O\]W:N@4M
MH-

\EX435C4'#I+JN7E#
MX`S*K-GN;*IQO`.YI^=]V$VHTDCBGYBC.$C-R8F82
Z$B%))8LIE&BI)([


0TO198V=U0MD%J=(BQFQ




M*L1_*L
SEC0=:=*C':?3_/NDENV*M!
\-8J%TD0QD0SMK^))1*0)!3$Q58D.

PZC1
1P$A,6!(F&`GAY72A#J`8U,
M%'A]ZV]^E-M`X\AR<-H3W.^NA+/HB+.]D2F]DA2B2NW)]'.AA+-+D:=Z!'2

Z`4AZ[F&^8YJI!Y

+N=%
]:+WFW0



M9`Q(Y#


`-`0$BE)R94/1

YM*/S'K
N@V[K5F^38-$



3HY9C
&5#TQ[^]0S_-+L.^?F^2;P]-MAVP=
MT*2![V/4&BE[=IT0WZ;-\`#-
4X?80L2JLCTK&GE9B%S%KR/+-4#7&%^\D+V
MQ_0XNC=\N/N

M

MVCBXF`^KM)96)GU#Z]16`U0)I]9\*UO;ZD&*[7G$M/FY@&\D6_0N3%ZL#3
M^L.#R-[)_3&;'&#?Z[GUYL]:JY0QP9CBZ'$)7((2/U&VOJ1'=!@;ZH4\$K)G

T9)Q*0J5)2$*I(1@K

ME3!@RP_SZ3$#[+

M
%4F=&JSY?U'FN%2-BTA


MD#\*RVX^#/6





24
M;#0Y0XXE7#9S$42T$CA3(5.G##^=6[L6A_2XL])2!=W?:]<XUEP4M`2UTM%
MD(%[4-084%S;9'/(EEX?=[9'2:6?@3WI`'L=A







M


MGGL(L#DF4^B^'7K
)MM?W&(3CV%

ME'XH_6CZ'Q6N]4[%=DS[1W++]:8)P[UX=^#R\\3YR;0]G-Q^'^]6C[.B*(+K

QM


29'+XSGI./%]#H!
_KA5R4HZ\0WV-VJ

MK\XNMM-X+EM@CA=L+



M3)`4ZF.IN




M)D.WHAXC2H;EKY/IM

4NI2I2-DC
MS1QBF3O2G+U8CIN[XBGB4RC:[OY]7J*;I?%@)N0C[6KS@C\=R=_GJ\?`U
_2

MSXFB#?:N1.=74/H'-!(!27*&(.#'V2:2\BB%P2JC_/Q(Y_9@'M?Z#\Z2Q\E8


E&T]%$LXK2+@H`.41
ME5`7(C!EK

5-%GZ2+4+P#3N
M^3$ALDS@XIPX(R89YZ


M
;&`4REGI@$UCH0@Z`PVB
R8#U:=OB

%&QV%



$KB95-EMK%ZJ\4+(1





MK!1DH[7C7ICH3YHMAQ14^J+)?`Q0U]BMSNG981WP:(Z=:ZIM-'/)BI+/SQ
'




M);KB-`@+RAV%63D5N(0)NT)-E
13Z0P*+UQ#+!Z?UD@)E#CIK&4ZJXXV\;J^


C
DH[+4!V+7?_+4$UL

*-@0PHCU4B&I&`%*70*=Y4,\
MEDB[WJ5J+IQIO.X'!:G;H?8<(O`!4KW\U(-2HJ
9B
A\^@A&H-==(D!KH')
M)DZ]ZVJVJZYY7\N








M9TQ'F2P$;R/DZ#0D:?%?E;VQ7B:B!XIZ?U%7#_2

MS-EH


\:%&(HLXJQKW&?BI9DQ;
9-
MSW
EQX807EK8:XN&)%N`QK





M;&\9JN)=..O`W-S\

MJ[(:

V;RHXA_L@'5K61TFU9VL!
M85COD5:

MC5%F0*X)KZR6Z\VP:[YZL61T/@^T/BI
#JSJD_&B)@945YW`%&O`&




MFY?0.GQ2


ZYR8J_M;

^J:E)(@G=Z/ZZ`73C^OO?GV;QT2//\BA-/A[K'[3C
M(YY


6Y+XJ'WTY/OW___N'I-HL_I-G=*=`T

M5-)NL/X.R[*ZZ[JGY:^KHGFTK:!@JI_^X]/Y=8G&293D19!
^+&`Z^CH]RR-

M9P\9O^=)'CWR

`_'N?1
M[$6WYTJD%U^E2;+_.+:8/BGWEQ

:\!_TW






8(O;AC6]8*

Y:[.I#Q5OAEI+#R8(FPJ&CXOF*EP=)

VR=+:^$VH9\:5R



/U
MM79


C%BIQ,T<KQ6/K?('V:128?G/=2U6=S)&27$:1K/399G3('YU
M(\&.6Q^KBQSE99%F*?(:99\B7\O#B^=A'P:S..BHW@[^0PD;#H+HN1P63?8

Y/E?7CGHLRR

MQS8!+J\A2+/*1Y0AW%3)
AIH`6

M:5$HFQS)^PJRC\=Z1;7L=UH-D_(2Y[$Y2OIVD`N$Q!=E[_O;)$YS'GX\+K(Y







*'WJRT8Y9CT.041(PIKE\@D0^NE8?++XNZ^NV


A^72#+$-`Q%MV$Y-H+0$9V'62%IZ\15
M--WPR[L[6.
G\^MJHZL:YZYJ\Q$`ED
I019%F%C`P]8J%D26V2U:
7YYN#*3


%)M&@YMF6@8&#5_TE`]U2$.M7BQNC]=Y1.QM1RUJS!G(]
C:[DU&THA]$\D6RA'2-,L@
MB.DZ<DU[Y4:.A4FGUN3\:DWCLMN[;56#3TD<*)=O/^!1


M;Q$^Q\]KG^K.N[=EY;M

T^JV0:+G(^[]F#15BM1H


9
SOI4F)AWR*];P(OP8/DYW;+UO1^X3H
MKJ=3!WBVSD0GJ@-



!Q1K
MIH7EOC\7=$T$2:N!BL-*3-@L[&Z!\C3_E'IL@E61'!!5EP+

MF0@#$6086+
MU[9T4Z_$)CKUQA5X]6O
?K%1T1.+L''Y2-`Y4ILE'^[%-&-
M^*XX_MVGNTC\PTH];


MP8OR;EVY(I\F=^?1(P\7R^^OK[W)1=
%LG-L30LDV('1
30Z.F)X9MQ])P
M[1;*=[L$XE+/(@(%W::`0


%V-.(;MFN28!3


MYUGZP#]%81AS&N2%B

MF+7ZQZ.#&9?W[4B_B?8\];*KJ`]-%R(3:=!S#81U;%'+706GNM9M6\A@![@.

;
X=`;[P+`9I+@&X;.D2VI=O4!):^:CLZ
M
D?\IGU/]MF[(M`-G9_7VJ
9G
=DY(
'ZB[G*RP+&0Q#ZEC0M``$FNL8E5`&


$V*N\7!BE9]
MVAJW7RPZ]8K+W;O5DQ]+`6IZR7U$/K(`)=`Q(#2()H(]DUAV);1F&=WF@0:[






MO5-/6B6=5



MRDWO__%*46C#E(0


DNBR94\2ON%D




MLXNE]

L4V%D=.:*4L



MVQ


(J6\H4BB.#D0(:E4`KGTGZJTE\MX!FB*3/+I
MOI3LYF


MWM!=-L+@Q+:_+NOT_F
_=G0TI\9+X^2']Y
K?H76G07')#%%P3`)FUDE$2


WDP

!\%I(*J3ACSZEA#+-V\K&^3F0/A.E+^-9;2?+;_/@`!YD


8_@?-_5&QA4T'5Y5+S
;



_-*4@A*VV_7\RVZ[]V%7C:VN
MEMN`\&)?L&1;K^O-MD7D:-@?JJ3PA'OEN-$:.TD@X/&VPNOTMS*;-'B_)&&



S$E2




D5=F#85(DW-S05S8G(;]:V]7NR_;K;O'Z
MY7V+9



&VF!`

EXBY5-X$B!74?83;O4N

M/!=[^.%&_5J_?OS=??F`E_?\UQO

Z`VQ2`L`*79$&F@8`;ZY

M8E!M!&5$2:DU4



MW?+U$Y6/01:_6O]KLCYW:]WQ2Y7D0H9%DW/B/`K+9I@/(&+!=6(IKI*I3:D7
M`'F!*A(@:)?'\.RNGCK'N`W^

N*X!;J%#ZDO_*O(&M&`U:M&[
MHLHC;`5WUGGA6$/MA:/

MI6$)=A+RL'&1#E@..[JAA2

XE

:DM@XZN9=:`T2
&UE
YMKV



2XS2D'P
MO!7=_W.Z-PT(
AG`WYY<5EKWK1SUUGGO63<HG`6
M=D8\3@0[LLJ^N8T@%V[#J_[40MV:SA=4`J$D`0SY`
JO'EE_2!`\!S3XHSY
M^%M'H/D4W

FU-
MZ-`-E%MXUZ\$ER1

Z
M%-3W53)G^]!2&XBL%]B&[3$L@\13QZ(\UN*QY43V4
AE6NI.4-PB5P=AC&G@


$_H\U;PB$D$2'$4O+20$
M<`]`7$FD8R)M32W)RIRBTH'0R#5%_7Q1KTT8S[?5^OP$?=:RPLQ1U]2LL)!K
MRK$P^FB35=.SY)4R^G3LP\0PZLQ1G@__S][U[:D1HYM?TGWRZ.NIQW3
W:T

M&VP9EG?




F&S

M0`*H
0IJ*#5W57\



&*/V?.RXS;_?'C!OSA
=&B
M?SKL4R\\G]77^BCG'RB0(R0LJ8)&(0S1##B$CU@)E7;/JS
O-H.%SE;FO!*6






M2`@E
E0R*QAQ$$
H%-U5@(:N-GCYEM4(@&OI%)-82Z2E1(@&\`[8A87ZAM0(


M
=:*$8N@
9XJ52%CH$]





=`A)`@A`QED`











M)E@PK)R6Y#B_$IMX6;JSFH0]4:)S'+.0XS2U1/4VC4EQ[N%$8]XH[$TRW&



M



'

MRF!;`:R!%(EAZ/L]M




MA`HC*RRYY&FY['OT@7


M1TQP**4B^U(_T#


(45_2`'456]U4C(T/6
ML


V[WQX_1^2SCID4;.IR]

#&`O
M

M?`;/#

MD$$80Z4)01I8Q8@[(J1IV@VN
:K5\U&M(VQ'QK[-;#[_I9QGHEW56N&49`I;


M-$W7/8A`IS$+.A'HM
I;!MCDJ;+7

*=Q?

MZ=GJ-'7UP-E5
]$DJZ`*6Q!^R8-8G%`0?1<S5F02=Z


M)RU]V52M^JOK7R\49XARY:Q0@1B&.2J.AC*I);1O0BO6F*(O!\C(K#*L+&3]
MW-M=
R5F/3MJE(P(
A(Q;

MIP%OIWE+.HE(5+5SHACF>;R=B;=N`'&70_R4(KW_N_F:`M0UB$I8


%L!7DS6GT/1U+'BU!+ZQ#1
E



MD';H

M#*H#Q0UF'`D
`
(4.05U!:;GM+8&]^VJO!O3*(_JH!7.MQ=+YAAB;3UP@F@G


Y:B86W`A^Q
MAF$[


M?_:NM+EM'&G_)=S'1YP[KLK$4W&R;[V?4(I
VZJ5I:P.UWA__8*22-N)+(D0

M1.:V9R.WA6X.ANUYTS/:^
;-




XB1.X



WXH;A=3^-L'WVS
M]]*]4H8)%DL#E
'G!A!Q2@KP30#(9ETYC(Y25

M
8:2^&V]CTC;^`LPI@V'B)@*F;+H_[!
G!9FN)W$[V:P93E(R9;X336V)HJJ




LGB9EVO!R91;%[635)56//#'$


ZU7$\@0
MYCD
@'M2I(_S]6Q52A!_6JQ*`7S$_D0;J.R#^-+]I)D^;?'!04?#25E'+(V[

MA!H@H4:NQH#YM(3'UJL[]
FW5H`;`GGV&QMG\&C_@
$H0BP#3!IHB'*4:U`%


M%00W7OLX#:*LPR$UXW7\A)4H
3





M_K
\'C`EX?G0F1E@Z*+LW/GP_!C'[_,I!DMMQ7M6W_
MA<%(K!)9K\E0!-8!NB1FO(&)J8Q7+@_/@V<+-



\!:F?7=
MHRLO4!DTM;R:[8(53I[^@Z


_2)RR9[0^[`1-BF]%1WGV&LAL`3`ZO@U($JWVE7HI=V


;M3!,1'YYI
MEF5BSR/16=A^:#H-QBK\.PZFSU^79Z


$S'3.#/6P


K#@42JV-E/*`8


[C_ER9Q







M3%-).6VB/NG5)K1Y:75XU]J



HI3PB-$^$H

IT]=_LMQOG[-!E]



86?Q)ZW.



*


M'UETA6\.?GV:W!4WQ6JU/=4P\]EJ



M5!B`#6::NK+=(X?UIV9\6GIU]TM?SZ1J%=0\]%D5BV);[-`6BZA\5Y.GRH'V


$K!E$
M#!/%D;%.(J]P[?:15)



MY[%OW4%J=OLJ$7[?]7WF3+S64Z=4&/_EZ@`IIU![:W%495@QX@R%@F$M!%&(
M'?4!=2W7\9+?;ZX


MQ@

N*3QR5H6.#DS'6PG^[


K6/!

NF4XKSU



M0;F1#L.9UC]T


M'%



@/)L!'LU

X.JZB1C(?

`D9JI.IGR.Q*


M6`W







)XC$J`$

FX
/MV

;Y[*-^T%(H/60KU#&?=N;6?WMV_/0N=P:#5:$AH+
M)X4X)082V=V

9QI_0NBIZ'T

MJ1^\EQ3ZX7W1KX#+R7M)VRE2[M4F2.LOCG
G-L:/(Z;9B]V;5T+_X;+ZL
M'I;]4H+WC*N,%4%P&JUJH0..HBN][AS'W&6[!C_7-AC33XF0GDEH97;[PG2

MA




.)*I
30N'
C\])DH+C+[1)8/_AR


M_]/)\V/
SU3*$2:)`\9`44XY

1;%`VH@LL4#):+57&P_K^0IJ%9G&)TT;(Y

J2ADX^+)Y;WS5
6-


&:RXS:)`ZOQZ



M+!^


M\&9
M0.BNKTNR&QUO




7Z^IV
M&YY]X##I/;X2-C`G@PL1


MYM5R6\RG?]FV



MA1.AE'3T[\ZEU_%_:$`E1)P6TD0A*J5IVH=K_6R60IHICXOW!XZ&2(YE_NQJ



Q4*DBMB/;6XT\$%MHF9@1?A6IP%P3P146V8QM7?R_K&

MPB4Y*5([



].3668'QU1
XZAL

MP$1M%%E)6KHTZ+2(D


TL4FVW


/J%@J0-JW%\D1.
MX4E8O!H=I!P:Q
_3/.E]VS^@`J$E5TA3BDB0EB$S!-EV#C+R_72#F/4:X/





.7RY!K3#\OR=+


M



;7*GA

9W\WSR=NY2G<S-[^)XN).K-3/UXN3DM+9_$%8Y@Q%QD@564
M:U2'IB#I=5[MHAXKF'0H/-<

CR=N/3K
MDX$8[FG<M[BA'`A$*-7[`$5`,S7+SGT1?8===H-.4YO`CSV`.CY8C'_
9E]



RAJ.T`

'0`43%%X27EYS2$E\\&[U6*$J5*1&776Z
`K&-1

XULW-IJ*CBV



M:O?7:+'8E!S
*V'7QV?WL5&;F(

MI01:[A%`4FQJ&!((+*%GM^,2
M])WOY/+FZ0XBA^04E[$CXD9`P`6[HBP;)8`=\S+5=:\N3D/I#P^AW+EY'



6^RL=I(I




M$%C?^B+HEXQ


MF%#U'`I/!)&\-E6]\S;/LM?IZF=:/2*689P7+F,FT8(.H*Q(T1:$59S6OR
M(
R\W2E?IRE')/J'*T
:=G'[6_^#']U-II/5TTFNGQ@1C-(*&LQ

FJAAE:2





V]^K:HJH?#E0\N&!VH
8J:J#$K(ASR1!JQ5Z4P=WDV
M?R$73SZ;^T.H=(!6P]L(#0RV&(II?7::6L=KA&/NYL67PN5/RZ`WTP'XHK

`8J*RBQ/NHK-0:6N[Q`GLX+7)41E2Z1*GW*U_I)BCJ=
G%`E(,6?Q3-U%SD$LO,[,
MUWDWOL,NP2DA!'^L1XM1Z@1U\_=T\FUCOBSKV^O18O$4*?GW:+H^Y4)L.D7P
MU+!H`BG`92KV(UPTAVKJHT*=N5.\&P]B3SB5NSQ:UOO<S7JU7(UFXY13?_88
M.3,T:$*5T@`8#ATW$$G;4VMC]MEGE2\&^=AQ_B4TD3[*:*HJ-948*^-TY(+

M!K1W3F!E:OH`UH

M-2XXK%+G;\F


EM


MIAV!\3])V?[L@-AD-E_IFY-9^!_AY840E&3@I_7B[OMH6:F[3;.WY%X8_S=N
M



M\ZQ4K;*#[O




8(D


M&J

9A-%^-#DE&PY&!.8PXMPRD+MN*:
S\?MLS
+/:


MYS)5M0=T1]!R5S[HA!IP^63!:RZ\%^DFSQHC#+5ZO_]!*S)+WQ65GO:V9^^X
M96P@EZ]I(^U5JB]^
ZMNOR_FZV_?4U_/(SM


.
8PPC48
MQ)*!169U+$17Q;*P8'V9_*S7.E]O^L+V(%QO7Q(D1=Q9Y;R$S%#@XKE0*_W*


5+3


=3





N/JFH$,_F`TV:VN7I/IIM%AM.S:.MBX9_?3R+V?2N)I/$HQ$%
O

MY3%CQ



M*N$V

U1N\`I*G9?)VZ<`YF\0&IOK+

IUN\
-5IOM!^$Z
ME



MY;B\791W_[TL9HMR-GZRQ:+HZ[MU*NG=Y^_;O^]C-\W'OC?D96\_COG(3S\4

9]__GZSF-[^ZX1O^N`S03@+)!-4

MP2%C&+(`VD4HYA35JN[3#+352#J7[;U-L;`=(%N3L^UB/$[K0*PEH1UR
/



MP2!1CD
03Z).R'HU



M]P:*'%066B\)AE5:
H&^'KKPJ54.K\'TU@=^:+COMS4O;O))#5-7ADX]T![
M`H3A!%#G(%*T'KA(O%VDVLPY74

MXZG0N_VM@P
$`22YYU0[$D4)FNJZ$\8]-4;ZBV/NSNCJH3BZ`RT#9@1KHI11



MT@GAM:C_5DY_S(K'^]%M
3YWAW_]3&`NCM`I);`$H
*+(K_9(844



3_W

!WU5)M'[/0!F0Z5#S/5?;W4P.9+R&U$9@

MFP6A%0)&


MID@?)*P1(@.D;C!J1-^




P`

M?ZRLB1L@:N+B

M6DJ8S[809L$B4:=D;KX8/:RNB'_=C:


MR30ZAVM@:0N9=/OG)K]UO+EEXNFX?1UZZ`)L\8*23R%UFO--=X(*CL*B?P

M7$2!^+^]-=D.-PZ6

@:1V+Z%?
'TOX^IE`K'&(.LVAQ!`SRSU2]?BD<FGE]MN+

ZZH\$82`A6N%V2.K;NV/:X]^1P*!5<MXE$M&$WO_'2V^5/5[MAU#=UV)$CK
M&(ZG'Z.U=(9*:9BNF2`^\0ZV]LJ-O,/)D(.7+F;(SH4WIG@<Q9&MU=QXPHZ0
ME-4(_+(*\/LPGR\K+?B(D%_\KN`4M<)P;BD!N@KG=*JFC4O$TQ;M[/D``Y#3
MMJ$=A)WWZ+'NCS@#1Y,?ZWEU;*G-^9E`G5-:$(&H](X+S2&Q2%1C@M3Y[
MDL

YJ\&`

MN9@OBLG=ZN[UQ6PTF8]NVYX.![\9%


C+8-(G


&G@C0*%?5DY(ZZLJ80\@CO\2Y`V:;M*QR&R



M7CMEJ2)\;\!GO-4^T('2=TO2^-L3%)5[=AO1WQT#3&]!X&P;'41'$$'%0T

M_/UE0`\VKCNM_+W#A$ILD8
(6
`A1\35@Y?27&4L=0O4'RU_?QF&@\@=O():
MXA1HC(R'#FL
`;2(JWIA8`IK


D?.(6LJ

M_WY?3#96F6TESZ_3\=A/9]5#;1@$DCH2(


MU81(/@(/F9=W

GD:L7?=




MVR5Y

(KX
T

M:0K*VD9J_#B2GBY.21G/4E0^Y&D51]VE*[&=1@+IR/-Q$KF/2084(RQ14+\


M
D)P#BW1%/D26:K`6
G\XV7.M%Z7Y(#_Q#1[N$R88]\*BDN@A/(V3FT.&^8Y





O805]I5G8Q

G9T)H%9&$]=K.G)3*31XIB;]R)`YS'P4&ADXJI.1K_6\0
'GEK\
M5B:7#(WH8B1.PI!*`2]N2V=U)'B/(+
0&
+R[K=I3D/R

MF9$40





M06`8$DQI4G90


!TGB(;38YQ




FU[.M8?E*+5&'AE




UAP!2)54USEF-

ME65\)=&[^2(E7]7Z$\\?#[VUF)
0%:(053Q.I!$AUGZI9W.PWE4/3*S:I'



GXOM
MJ7GG9





MJNG9?)


M6Z:@

M6&K2[

M$7




__^W'

\^R7#\9'^`$DV32?I=GC+Q^^W)RCF_#R\L/?_OJ?__'S?YV?_P-_

D


B2QSH.UTF1YK.;:E)4GR;WR9SB8'=[



C\6BNN)CF-(
_



M@%I%





LJ(`:0\0GC^.(CIAV2@5F!-HJS?4!X=4?







M'YFNAUV$W08!

LT?LW37Y#*.

`H*(P*2.73PV'9%)/!'32.
M2/N.
G=`\M2Q/A*E4^A0KJN!NK:S5/Z_)QFCU19?Z5YF%[Y&.;E^XJ4(,=`
MAN.ZAIJC'P4^ZWU
+!]

]SUC./?SPG69FL
M


7Z1@!]WW$#SXDL)[91T-@GV/!LD24]RHQJ7N+3
MX&3%VVIN:!LJF_SMIBY$9]65


MWJ^WT^MZB..?7D^RI)C





WZBQI-XJ


2EO1O41TMPS*#53VX))/]H:A44SD



:7GFA8%I&;87=^-^H65S
M#;PI
J59L;Y\O/D(5M#`&INH7*FB];!@G8#1/E

M

S%H$-8X@B

M50'66.O?1DB^7-=BX#TZF:HX9HK^

M]/'IGVDRGVW:
7$0.B&





(C]PO&[I54PA]%4E7CN#J)*I



+:H

MAC$);*[M!?U
@S6W*<T?8MSR[4$X
MR


?%::^?[LS0SMR


MO3ZKJT3?)\4



!0`
M&K*/LZE
B7*R


8362:Y6A;;XD2_J<IJDLW2[)%-
S9^UU%
M=889(.Z*,MX0JXE0S$7P=I'L*R=WXUF)]G]1$IK:N`^0J8LW^;-8[CGVR
MW7-Z,^2#0=D1#1;#ATLKF5[QU!?)P5;D*CTSBP.]$;M-
7F+X=.!%!T/&M

MX8V0]]5E1FVPYL4$[@YZ%-%0\0/H.V&$$80-J9&


MU1&Z#DB6*J)'HEW*W
GUM$?1BK-DJN'L$AF:=6^-LUQ38)CB%$V(SL'E1
M:RG$@=`K,21NK[MRJL^@RQ_`I.L2
G0QEDOZ65
L%82)4M/E?2.DD
5DCQ_




M^Y0659)D33D%O1C%%C&
R+?L`)J^Z:T'M%'




M\E.:1TG%



M]N8(](1NXLK:




DX5@J+;D/$S@
M[$6?+?U'K+/&2F


Z?'9YC+W6
MY&[;JS3#MXJ3%&+D6

B


$_


M/[)=9!]S:FDL%@.J6IMDZUD_W_]?OFY`4[Z._\#7?#



M!&HMM=$ZKFAS






]K
&C^A:;&!N@7';H9_Z^IGUZKDUS=CT1




!EQA+XJ\T$VC
M.(E0$%J.1?K;?RYV8R)^EJ%BS;B:';JC]1!!A_'U_5F)XPPEAOF/,*:B5OS8
M0IY38P<5(V1=.9S00?-]$S;<

M5AH00@+']V.+1`3%A]VQ2Y+8=ES1+@LR-@PGU])BG^W7+`K#%8V0']I2;M%L
MFC1__!IEFCJ)(]4C)/%@0(MJCD:2)TAYXH6J=Y(`U2&L89[5&GA5MSWNW7


@!PGN#RC!KKM*7`@?R4WI0-ZX8Y&^$PU5







R
K#3^G*I&SVVF


T
MZ].L([_X.K_3*-C/I(G(F0+E2]4VE2%=$SIENN15C]T7]&
_#I(8.8[K6SXK


MQF\4*W&[5$$2&L



MBIB8


7GXY[%A5
MCV-$N94\F3%(JYY#FKE/8UX3)'(P(TGM\I1*;3C7CFN4:))X6_WQ'0(D;[)B
M-]S[=R%VW


MURD;G7?:^%[
U-
WHHNO5-=$EL0$_


D+4-7&3*L.*UY+GD1(VUQ6B((_Z)P






.



M?JR_LBQ0;[B+]*+8=I`?!O072F`




?

:4=LK@H@70$@2&






4N_#)=\D48S=]L^0%T1&P=10)'J6$G0!9*

M@Y*$+B164A_'Y:Z**L1PM5?L0ZT/U&:YN=L.

M/M-,L3(]OGVI::L3[`C[?8Y3RWJ=CM:#;N@[=O\X;`;!?\H]N1?O6U_D6@

MB2S!V2Z)$F2=6:E
T[Z`GHA&AU=.\_1*!]QI\2/?G/:96

MLR`

MN

M^(?V6MN.76L3%#R#'N*3PYE=(R661\RO+A32I:A%?KA`V#J.@3\-V&_`?8N?





UQWQQOF:?9.N_.
1$D=(
26IX/(4:1XZ/`





M%B.H6Y`L%OC6H7L3#1_/2HZYVAMVS+)FP0B-**A-NG6^?1?=?12(W$RY[7K(



@*P!#MHP=X`G<!#4$O
M$
E57J+/'8M)U1@8&D?W4#WT\5]D;M]@W/1O




$P]
MC[EAEZ\

5277I%!.F.VSIZ:S!PUA
M:T!U-41@&EDKS_)R1?J&\3@3)1MH1&'RTU)=TW8+:2Q

]#_5[:ZN5



--&U58?6+550\OF3B+.2;
MO%U.B2XB7:7U?ODCS;;90UZ5]



M






N;TMQB+S!D_)@9=L'0Z+1??1^A_+!\+K.[!_3\O,E7
MXHBY:/R4O&_^I`_Y4U+3K[52I`3QX0D








*`W;].;M88-G<B_%@#)HU8@+M

MV'OZ
7Y^?F


MF@M'3RUP.X-3I3:L*JQ^D(K+P*[_U





L%=5@
(SZM0NB'@1M%'F
=F@`2RP%5
*&<SH3%3-@2&'Z<U/4(K;
=_]:;EZR=N0_LZ=O
MV6[A8Y^Y7.

MGP\*71BU@[K$BQR][);.2*




AY*/1Q0%G*G`X%99'484A+0]O.
M3=?X0`VPGF][T.U?GI$ZI6M5MEQR.YY

M*U_NTN/I=J;5*D5JLC`Z._+I3ZLLZ24W&[:VDFS)9U/C;R0D]3F8@891WWL
MA8&/P58E[$-_XR1&2((
NR$F



9L6ZA;/-
E4_X
M\.6QZ^=-%S%$84(I(1$FF*1)P()^=^(PIM0D8O!@HX2[WR[
SG?M@Z^K[F3P



#_W3
OJB6FT5$
M?0]$CF,0H*U(]8OV[#;AS+EJM


2SZI_;



)W&*)9/ZVK_?GGYVD`#'!&I0.MW/





NT']
%`ZD3YL)
+9I6?-3:4:0-(`J:(_GK,57^Q]SJJ7W?:N7N<UE;%%X+ENZ#G0
M9<@+8N:2.'!:#'QI![W%-OLNZF:ZTC5@:*EYF#3S\!E?
ZXQ09V-3C`]TW/

.F:U&FK#MIF(:

MJKN'#3Z*)SL/GF3FX$%5@`/XDXNP'
E*@FS8;[
59]-VWA1J*\0.$.W#DUYW

M


730IRPE[G=[PM]5_X*7T^N[#
M^K:L[IN$\'-5LL%Y0;T[<QQY;-0TQEY*N!#3('8C0`-,019G1'--O0.:NZS



L91II$BV
M1B3E_;Q8S[!+LMA/W!0#`L



?$W[`*XE+9




M2TZE)V-*7(R-
Z:FP/+

M9Y!D$221EWIAQ(\6!GQ=V.#-))JC^H8T'0_]-3:O/.-XW0:H(K+8@/9EEHM
M&X]HI46T01R/O9]DQYO:-A)YVNU:B]-DD_BF$57Q-5OOLKK+_G/?+W-/^6;
M69:!!&40X11F7@@-P7N;LD!^E*WZ,G^MF%-X[LM:PY)5K)D*1)4)X/LR`E1
M!Z+9CSJVU#PEX92J*-)EBXHPC_6BD$T,O)V;5MJJ8*G47/2$O0C$F'O!\
M#U/L)ID/^W&B*!-Z






M3)(40KYH1/N1/!_Y
L6HPL\;5L$&D;.#I';83(4UL;+3


(4T=A/$?AQ0?LUZERT!
M)*0^PT8PK#P-

XAJ)&)$R__QB%0K1)4


\XO_'_Z'
]_CHX7`CRA&08!)C$D_9IB16.Y&F$%#R7PX2A?$[
'P.I]-



V8X+N\?MION.3
Z



M4YBXD$0P1D%$`M\//2A7=)O!8+P:?^Y=G;JY-JN]S.5S66^J?%-4S9VY1__8


#Z_
6HZB@?FT)U4=PJ\




5?[#Z9(XH7%_7ZZO-VP(4OPLEOEZN=N_




MC?/]UW/:XS0F


M`L./UTXFHEZ\T]J

5%FJ



M;/)ELP[[U[K8U%^N_^JO=XM1G
$(^D$($8XH]'#:#1J%:2)UH'/82(8U?@^N
M[2TY#3S9:Q\UD2HFW./Q*:?`+U#Y!\-6_RE_UZ

MQ#R4/@!9W9;5_9S9W2AIO;MDF+H$NY@D/D@B$A.XR[LC#&.IZXI4QS`L59?%
M\AW[U^[Y/E`6-_B.T


'X657&=!


MD576M5

MVB0$._P










48\1-M.%

;$NJG

MGA8


O`0E_

;_IF;=)
M$



MP\'6R?\H1K\8$\:C7#A0-
L8O&BN\A]

M_;CACK[7FVJ^V



MWF]7_`K@4W/AY!-/-#'Y*
HC0



EC@QX'



S\#+JT_3.$
X1'UH]F@W







)
=_QN^_

F/?`&ZV6EK3^(^.[O]H)$MVF:K
MD%Z13N+^^@7`%U&.)0


MVE9KA#RPV))-3^;$91MYIQ@26349-V+Y9BR%0K6%#UGU1+O
Y=UA.-^W?I71

M@3^@X=3J^SB^#`D48]&_7'6?0H)P:&BN]/XUJQ_8)3G=-)T507?50_XXR)!L

MH@;#2MW]5Z*\V%P+P$[V'
XTV\L

M281P;'6;KE#L!$(;*@VJ[FHV4)E$\[V2C!^B/!%LY[O



M[2`;0Q)$Q$.S79[W)A+M*[T*+F*;]3*]MWTG6(

MH#3MVK0(LN4*DY.:TEZ+W*
;O(R]S*G?4T2=&

M^


'0\@D*JE#'T7#IMZEJ$
M!$DNJTUH2/O8ZK`!!FXPO
8==YIJ=B,828N96N;(TG4M,?^&$4G-]1/YM60
M^*3DF^VRBLB9U)N7?U
2:26I'M.B1R
M8NC#*$*!%=L=&B^PT/2L6P$([3&M!0:&R
Q)Q]]F4#)15^@20X:P;BL%DGOE
MI`H/_61=/9!M^:5MMHTSD#B.GUHPCF&



MCYJ2^:


X$PL
REG;UG&*)R_/PQ@[<A1RC9@/!WICF


M9/U-&+P`I^8135ADL?!PCG`!;KB%@)HHJ8;+=`
Q)32^!\BIX*+.UZ)_.AQT





MY05P8BX`-9['74X.:-D!?_=#PU!/VJJF1KE6P5;I0]\ZK_&773V?.'.;O%
MR*3#R)Y[!IF*F;Q)I#=F&C#GW%_2QOZFA]ZJ
/0#+W2\U()6XB
W=H*XS_2(
M
^
ZKG93SJ2B

M



M&_1VO+



B+


4@X[NU!@WL^%=BR`
=.E=V]%+3LZ^T#_:L9N&V?Y*L$
MQ6Q)5Y_6


4VX863U+T$?]*

M(;YL!9T@\(.0Q![$GI?$Q$O[390^#*YR#R`YDH[UI_*75ZS@/.9@6.3IJK

;W`?WI;)K!@[1
X\=/L3-



72


MSV6Y^9)OM]=K^NEU]K6.*5-_K2([@BG86H1F@,[0J(Y4++@PXBV$ZE5N5U


M')+.
_8.
OB#@P8




\]


LV;.TD*ZKF%


R_I^L_I#=EO<%VX*R
M\KW8]WWB1^PL4NBZ=@1Q]B'*7;DPM=R.+5'0';LJT.C.A`NZ%[):H'1?AU;
M;6B?'#L6GR]`;UF3/587ARDE?ZN




)DN63_F%!XW
MI/J05=2NC,$@3_73+GM?54]KZK\5CKPT2'P_]5PK3C`B](,.2.CX4B]MJF]=
M]R9F#K@I6-/8UV!NXF4%.M0\S#6X00=<4C$UN$5,]);UB)QN:7&%MV1YO2$




O0MW5C4H^*;P`SU[+AM


MXC]

`R[YC2A`_BN6W*[9Q#?





0VX'CN1AU=V\$R$ZE-EX:

M8

MFMW4_%K:E9^FD6O[=N!Z?H)A:B



M9$HZXGRIJQA\F%S%'590Z2?\ZNRKRHK[^4_YOMRM_*FC;WE%T6](/KA_*I
MHEV5Y'=UEG5O&
0D(4%


MDW$5$NZ;1^Z;FGKA;^:;@OMFPW:!%_S3NO/-G;!O1
HE\H0=J9QH9-Z`(HI.



F&BCYUVO:F;+K$K-CF/RS



!4L:U1
UK5

(1U*:]3-74U@7^+IU^6\



M7XW^_



I4WJQ3]V


AN





M&&-'I?;!P2RV)GE%QZ5JAQ)U*Q&



-5VR'
MB7X[.M%K8$A

V%K5H

B2N4(UD79A1%34
MZ%#2EC^8IZTU&\=^Y(0AA99#


'S8A!:AF#J0#7_D
M4PJ#T
8=HC`A@7HU52L









MN!TD$B:2AV=


M


:8PCB_B8.)Z;0!K(:?442\:U.

M\KZHJE_![1-H?`]$Z#S@B5@S(^Y16$TI%!KB

Y
M(L1-L.]%)(HCSPMM&^'.J&U;4*98-

M6O_@




MTOA.R.6


MPF62)CF%$N?':*[56A=(L&0I6XFF*
-_(Y52HT%\KZ5;`EW?X[3Z2G?%]V%_

4]X



VR2<[@)

MS/;



C7O;$D=]M%BT/@VZ(Q/N^3GH3
MWO/40;#HCN?
W
KN=P[PKD`/L&883%L:)_S,FNCNYP:25^)G.KUZ=4.IW;
M)*[$8^NZ.&5JRP_O9?NJL9:X_!!EZ-A)0ET(0XJ3?OU`7#N4NP!/R81A2;LY


M\O@$/K+_=`3D_Q[S0]


E?Y+'I\^I`=OQ8

P00GMC'N)C^7NXM)C4R&-D].R=O3Q1P`\LJ_W

M$+&YZ781[=FR+_+K
FLXL
M+D&[M#K6X

M/F5W6?Z-'P_=)#`

Z%;'OZ?9)@..9A/`U;U(2.('VU8K?%)\NRMYDPB8('D]/

M10SBB$Y;P\I:
[QT?9&)'1I4VM(P84ZGYF`FZ-2;@'V\1.W

MM3*F[)!PTJ5&U93:'.\F^7*E^T=VW-C(I8E#:(QQ$%C017;0+W()B53.FFBT



_L[C*



M:=W:JL5#
8W51Z:PUGY




YIJ(&

M:.S7C
7
RZ3K+F)JY=MX\7*U%4LME4KA6*Q$



HDU[;0I9MX:'#$(Q454_1G&')XUB:


8B%P@9WB+
3'
M/HQ@WY.!)HY4:X3IUF;=R\PZ6*#B8$%Q4&EQJH%BA3U+X^Q.VJFLZ6SA@1[?
MDEN3Y_@2W9<Q/5*E$RC0V.;CQJHDC[?1HN2R2I[

M=P
;8:3MH:7.JIB[?=G@5#[=-(5E0
MWF9B=]IAMONB!`,\GINUC-<(%SK!]C9E`B?7-/]%HW3Z-$;)]6TD26M<M?W




%F+%I0
+KAK[^M@
M&4PMJOQ

M$/8[
8Z+9+)1K88-YZ-#E\_M:9=/76JJ-P9B:KH8_7)J^J9D7H$&*SC3@75F




M-'+=P'




MY//T7S/)RO(R^R2K%+AE)EGRXY#=';-M=T:0X]_@R$(1\4.*26#[%(5.W&4'
M$;%=J5
FRZ
U/*UV6


M7+/DI.?FGS@]3B/$Y+RH(53+3HA_%COV
;O\^'2Z;B:AZSLV=2((71+:S!\+
K-3P6\]NO74=R<&?
VZ=






MO=O?%0_9S9'-H#7.=

?QWA7



\#


M?Y-9%*PZS4@9-JMQ)UA97Q&CI#BJ=&Y.B53=.--A9IBU!I`Q?[BJT!RIOL


M



Z=^S3Y+LO3VSI]JC8V2(2!'8,`VK.LR*:
M.P^&7(^(S)K%OZY9:8_S/`;):#)3I0E*..;(NME2TQ?!8G2

MNY7

-@Z`

MB^D'`V5TJ&051(@X
0W1Q9FLBG#2I55'1IQP*(D




MZ^V_B''[D?Z9B+XU-IM/OO%X42K%1N33^Q#=O;O?V+'U?Q@

MWJ%M0H*4
;X2:5+GS^O7BM02Q2UEGYG%(O]

?^J


?$L]J[V&[

M%#_&I4:TWJ-G0K24


B!S')H$)8B^VPP#W
$+3E[P9K
:VYC%F?.MU

M8B`OK6_(7Y&B3O+'I:1J(K`Z!57DUN7J-0IIDU#

QDUSJKMOJ@.M%4?@00$




MDY4P+RS%2Y

I/VUJG6$_C4]OC?TQ6H=N
MC%&ULI5.K]1$AN\XY[*-8'53M*7]OWP@]!J!D!B@/J;]70%45&_




0+/?01J!GGF

?F






B%!+4KP0@S_6QVEU_?KLKVOF_
M$WZD0$L@5!T!T!






9


B75&N4

1W[#I(;H6.Y-/
MSD78Y8@47'T=

8*V[UJ^1_/&854WB'S!
MLC1JC&K7L!YG
363ZU6XY2,9$[
MX7*$S#O<:E%V29IFA`T-?2N1


M^\



M\DIL

ME9W[6#(M-$W@`0@M:M4%+K+
$/;6

W)#X06V=785'[


&&6&+6&)`M.Q@L`W(3M1D0]
M

M_0:*\=Q@$=0%(7;X-$$7
6)ZT'+R^1U.MC!B(`)%9A:24*(`6]F-]*1`\D
MIWOZMX^_IWE:)OLPWX6[IRS/6%)29S_3?@/&P@Z&CAWYMN_9EAT@QW1[ZXYI



8`3=PB
MUB)*9SB94*`Y#*Y$;F:Y4*AK4
)KE33I2*OA4')
9VO(HU.WR#(]Z&+7`4YO
M)K!

MO#CM=+U5SR86EP(L.UWS3#&

M2
M^176GW(\J+


B
MBX@


MC%TS(+9MHCA`



MU+F%:)9-/.49UJMZEVGC43T%I*]-]52X=$GUE-$U2_6J(;W\D#[=I^7&\[`+



]X#BT



MB]_F


OO
M?4Y*QM@OHW'
./7
^
Y\:_5DYA:H_KA+;82N*N3R
[





Z]@!3G8

MENKUL5BPB0O?W1[NH)[3=10[;H!

M]AQWT931W!?YXS_I=YZ

!'P38^__J3NWW<9Q+0V_BNYF!D@/1%(2I4N1HGH*J*XJ=&6P,=@8!Y;


Y






MDEX##6*J0C\C@2=CH
I







MM3&ZGIM%88S21.`TBG)$DE0DN`^28)Z#.A'HER?K-/.\=UZ8
=9-E$QSI5NH


L0
M-L8WR7AS$TZ[GE)WV@#E+)ALF'.SUV$*2PLF+?\(M(.F!.&=DEW0:=(_B\=R


MS[VXXN\#J]S_ZX:D)(FQP#0.HIR)P*?!



D



M7V;S;`

MQ1_%PX]B=\-PX'.$(IJA`+/(%R3AO0X6!`(X:C
;W/KZ7:VN\/XH5NOZ*O]_


MC8#T\_JV^+3=/U6#D64OPX_RL$(Y9EE((Y[R%.&TDT%I\[U`
QQ5B3T11FMI


M+




'##!
N$(NB
MV/?]U&=4]
'CBGXW/XO=CQ+
'JV8D&YU*D]^T^[BE_?0R_$6VY7WJ]+[VWK[

PZ&:H9L=XUR)E)ZA+S
M#%H&1V#SSKQ)?)P&.!38#VB:Q!D68=!'$00E-X?RL-@`22?WTZ#J:E`![G/K


D)'[*

F:U)S)7&=OTI^NMB]WB[:GQ$]07M^]QR
_3E#JYT-%


E
ML2]U;8]N#
M
Z4\&+`9M@VX6MZ-0V5*VZ#T=:QHRSOJ&LJ\^3W
4]EHMI^

;G2SKY9
`:_/+LF@U_;1VU'V6+&1D=J
M/
TD+I^Y5;9$9:JO/_YV#-J*N/%%ZO

M7J@XG3TZ'KI==#U+]:HA;9/!\W63^*L^


$\C
J$?S?8X=_%<_=%-NQ#;B?5^M+<%0TLM`];*\6U:5V%TZ[7]


9M

1#GH
M

M?`U#WUQ'4&4FE[=K$Z8

%(B0$^UG`




M^BL7IZI&H&7:?4=X9CPM^4]?:-@&.)-?!2SVAV^+]:J^Y3/#.4=Q'F:
L3Q(


MQL]BG^[6^_7V+GO:57_]?_*NK3=N'
W^%3[V`.Z%+M3M4:3$W@!).QLGNU@T

]SL=]G

VF$`^I'(3-

B_E:6
M?!3[;==

V#4L%^T
MJ\Y#Y+W2I^9#/W%!EM)
`A=U6CHM24_E.=5^O7D\P./M;Y.JSSOKS?JH5_J+



MI'Y@CWDAK$MVD^L5X!IV[WK




OQ



M_5HQAUJF'Q



SH9Z=8SM-?WZUP


MS/!]&SO










S'K5^K
(@-



M;XUL;H4
=YLOW27:U07#U;Z/560'U`B)'5('
Q_'V.-==I?:/F'4C5QKB`^#

MI`7


'
M3+R/&R;$PX8&/?XGC@^&L_/.R``W@6






$V


]1ZA\(&N8KL=?


O




6!O]/;!M0/


MV/6_1W2BP`KB*(QP&%L1]1S667Y@&5*'8NO&!NS&+

?;9;P'GYJ6;5F!&\1&R'P'4WR
T\@
G&DY-0]FX/RJBQ)&
M5U9EZ4JQF1K`V'1;OO8J4N_8&&ZZQE!7^B+KJEK1[8_WLW')D0@BI514SMN8
M%ANA









MX_

?+.J$XQ

5PT_5-R
M1I\


MP+
/%6S^?F\:3*C@H*:?M`(ET;!ISV6J
RX'7WW)=ZP#B4)0KY+N1X^U7*&V


XI=TBS5N8'G31@]3GPX\2FCAO3#WRO#WE7TH&31,5FLI^LD

//9_?H
J5+^K$J@Q?JQL@+/^J]:*B?XK7#WKP])-0#XDB;KA[1L



F78(?.(06P3$]_RW-BR@A:E&%WJ'*))0@

MTLU
R2


MX8#9CNM3V^19Z+@M$IL0:[5+[\7E8@/C13V`0085U`;5QSK8ISHH8V
$@/2!




M^')2:/.I9H`AMA(V0*E+'-


M&5VJ;FN_2
)#


]HU[CB)&QUP2]^N)



B0


L`CGAI(@+2K6:EQ9F



M
PCB.&D-@L$L15CKX@Y;6]
HTX=`0@R^[4`Z42@=?BUTRA.U3M1*F=7Q5.N)
M+EWM


B&S[5.*7








M
8@'=`E-BL5WL;VJ5/H5(X+2D8A#_%HUU&M5#H0$+*6BV8%M)X11JC'S'C-N
MY_L@





MP&G($Y)%=``9@QR



(XIQ'!
M18XRRLE@ET5Y9'5&1M?81




M3\-U@&8BLCX]/-[I\$.FLM!*S5A6MYO5OSLT6&S$S:JI%U$*\ZC+-%6*2L


MD7COC[TAZ)U0[/-H./*,?&GXSZ
:*.HW.QFHV.]T@=Z[AN^-ZQCFN[ZD#'
R$8LXSWG$(HA+!*,898G
MPSYY3&%<.*C';2&,L!MIZ,X%38LU^)<$&ZPZM($8X'9MO&T+V(V86P?&2L?'
MC(DC=_%I@



LOTXX!+UG(4Y!.I*FIA\5
\MCD-+Q\UWYJ

_2


M+$U;P
M#'1=+L2FWJVKWT#2

M\X:D*6J*=[XT1465*C]:\A8;I\3$BKVYJ(F=$R_EQ`$EZGK2V_AS4S^(95MB

M-)K)C2Z#?M3G&$&G%

$H1DE6
M9%'.85'TUABEFC
G
4Z-@O`8<CDS
MU3'UXHCD6)&B/YOZ+U'=;LN'N]6R7'?E%LX0(U&2XCS*29'G&4W)8##E4.F1
M<'LKGE7G$(_ES$J?0,W9E5?N]#1'BS:_LZR7K*C,M(R9G(OBV#MR;,9E28VZ
M[HC;E^;ZP@KS"1IBEA$`8A0%$\%%8
@U1/=XRMC*H[AI


MDE*.

ME!(SN53\X6
+IEYE9LZ9KFAZH

DP3G$4!A#'*:D@*&^\4P

M]`GL_3A]O

MRJ(@


MH'-`'C*7_W=XEON;]+HW=5/)]Q4Q/%F81


*VW





CKWJ

BXT_?A*WSTNB9*#UQ

6C






\BY.ZSW











U06?:D(S$I5Z@K


MJNG).3IB8H);UZ4Y6UF3LB+)94ST1A;+RJGXTM3;=!R^7@OMSN+ZR_-G=C*
M`FDK[L2F7GT7'S?+ZE[T`)(T`9C3-,YBG-*8,XKVTS&.LD)'@-Q9]:Q)!T#

]Y7T`)E(\92)/B*#[8
Q$



M:=9*$T_BW'FX#UJ




M_%5M%K


M2(_8HN(_SNLKT$-33=J4Z))

(_SDI(HBDH8




M
IIAPA*4D!R728+)N)]5!@DJ51)5VU@L)[%].=S\N^QKQ:%?@76?=+75-T4I


VPL2/X




(0Q2DDA
31B#;



M8#*
L2@E%Z6@Z8GFD
MI@`F++K3!EM;8$9XEY

MU'_NEMME6W^L-U^7\[I_/_!#/6_NUMU7NDK261X560K3+
`T3PD)25ZP`7=$
#HH<TB0.,RJPLPQQ

*KJF
MI:(Z])T54?'`^N'9ZOUANYOJ6U&OZ]ME.ZIWPA***6-YBLHP*0)*LB?U+J7J
M(\Q9L[U`TDODLD-Y):K)AB.Q;?4-?.Z1`L7$TR#5IR7R


M+M




E706A\V_:&UO.NWJ'2



5T:O!Q85'K0[B1KOA%:8RG];+MEYT
M;YINJ_4[\2L:;6L!EU(`X)#%`=!P$B8QC`D.1LMBDO\9&<U$\U8'M6?WKVY


#/;+N)

F@SQYL$$RI0GC?%.I:#B-TU;K1YXQZF_B:/L]78P16)2

MGOQJ$BFCOT?=/J+`TVGR0(


\B#*0A+&

N[
N.1/+09H46?E\L,CW+RB3:;8].1:Q,EN-&8[F4J%0;-Y:+BQ&J\7
M757#8'*LN$U#6D99'$5Q&40)2<H4C1:#-)8NA)UHQG;%P8@._$=U__!?H*^T
MT=E%G\CF^9S4(9%J,O3$(4<V,#A@NP23G4)[AC5K$_8
RMN8FLZ9K?2S$I5






MR$G
2I4]GJ3@6+6C&=X\6&8PY4ECO%

QY$;I?M+N[6,&+*5%
M%L
XR=!@(DUH+G4#E


8TKV=P[G


M`


M=U]&XS-40)2E


32K\8;



PSM6UDL[:M;RX/
/L%)3ZLGP#^_%D@5#SE9)CY


M;LI(L7%:IZ:WQP#-DBS.:59BE.`L3S.$(:5[&!'-9FW35JM)Z:VV;:75HCU





];_N5B??:MTOILF;FF#:H6R2:#IE




^


M

G$Q_]6K]^T&^_56LH:G099P*:!35!S+TAX<S7
M_0CMG5)T)4U0$^B!4VMGHMLXQM\`VD4P00RDL]CEWSQB'T_9S@2-2
K[)`LL

=M_5


^8@BT#$QBRF.AV.U;IJR=/HK]WPX+J;%`$?OQK?RH[HL80

MR=WNJMZL_J]:_F





Q[072/4?BA@FQ;//^0G$O\;QFY]2];_H
7:5BZOK-(^8='T?]I+Q\+0K#1F&JT[EQ%D$



M!Z


MR/%

SADHSDZRYGR0[H[6RR\


M@9[`+8XTPN%XR





Z'?\S
M[OXP*Z

$
6$:0&/5DWCF8
_M_`YCR9(

^X^[_

1SV8
M$
-R

M
LE)QD0
0
:
.KY




A(AK@&S$FFEFBPDA4XVKST?G=5;=C=


%+`D2&UZ^ED






R




YUN!LHK?3(!/
B$`\V+08G

#Z]RG`=[N
M3J3C`=Y)JD-SS
^Q@^\`5R?]&!4[7-&#H^GW\DOO-U5-]M95/.:$P!+O*2
MI.I(O^AD\BPK!H;2^H(FV=$K]:)&/P?QLP&HUJ&S'SQ=[/UH!PK7NYA
@N5




M0^`_Z0#OE?%T0-1@0*=C$1@CNK7M!$-Z`%;,3_,[YM@\E/=9B\ZI:IM4[8Q
M(VE*Y#3G+!$@*P@/99#)'U(0E!POSS8SS[55T.U\MH\MZ$\T/CFOD!?H2



7SR.A%XP
M$\8@F$4VK9IRX4=*ZZC[]X


MQ-EU*%
@@!/O8*HPUNAPT^L=-0FSZG]5J[Y8\6;_F?KN;KO]7U\MOJ^GH&
M


!!GVBA



MJU+0(`$]#
R7CQ1&P]$L@E!J14JOZ$BQHXY-HR&HGW\?#4F[Y'F#Z.-)&5WV

;.VK'
\DRR.'5Y]T


@98\:/Z#V0GCBG47.


M61Y)I5-/W4_K%8PZ#:
_.QU'[Z6L@=N9&




N$$37/F<$
MD)(E*
V(R'DGA
8

ML4




^_<4OXQ<<O@C<

*-\5WO1I]O9J
:R^PAFK\X



MI0*2@I
$@:3
:98F$(CNTTNYGS#?Y+_XD:/L[B=9.R\N#T.$`ED!IEH_NTLU


MV_7X$IT?X/1KR*_JS4[=XJ/U9E-_DY'[=A:KAT:5
/7A(D


ZLKB$@!K*0!IGPN
9[
!Q6%]R[]#A/&
0(



MK8206P:N+W[N*!&KDTCU98B
K^:9J[?G/_\A!@O^[N0&QNS<DI+%'
M38_3`AXN,UH\-N2_VAH5]?!A5^7=6A,=FQ/MZNBA05'?H7;%FPN1^3<
?TT
M0Q\(UT]E_9

.@GYGJ/KFIEXWNK9O5$C$

M'J:MTH$OOR2^1:`9(AY-PY+6*35!$KWC_L^45#C?8*D*;&Z_
T3*6]4J2G
MLRT[-99W7;?NJ_W^6*S'[H?UA)0+4F?
WTS$RAS_TX96=D0
%HQ/Q6%9;HLU

?<\#!1F(=_W24#H.73TQY\<5

.O6((Y!KK4JT

]$G
SQ


$$

ADO[?]WZV0$$*KF_K

G4L3#@V7:*'16#)\?I[:A7V_UA5[^#

M0?VROQHKD%F/WOR:!*+W*:H

(\G]2A
M
Y&*:3FH9C3#'`O69KG?E[=EL1:2\_-B


'\\ZI8B,Y9K2
MB6I7E'?;YBKAZM3ABJ&41RDF/

OT44
6F?H/\_F.U


,Y'E/`,9#P6$G$8(R:_V!9W:M5PHY
-N!EZ


\G.+W#YOJ1U$$JW.<]FLD

#7U\!.:720E_K







*V8.



6I0#$







M\C0#$!'1(1`8A'8+

H$
ZN33^A$$M9;3U
MPFR%T=HPW5X%AM1Y[`&3)@SSD#*

#Z0-/*KQIDX6#5UME/0S!J]DP5Z)/DZ69!DC(2(<A:#*.(@Y0GK460D
MR6PGF]7@WB??P/
$?ZO-[*&DSW9RNK'.;C-;CT2OF]EGY0F1PA3%

M
K]

M





MC=CF5%_
9D;PX$R4?AQ;G^48HQ$\J*$TK;9K=49R+?^QKS;E6N4V:C^QCC/7


H



?*2&TDJUYSPO-31WEJ$6CO!T
MO`$E'(

MG#AZ'!I&O6'


1
M1I









M

9JG/3#1)5


+PJM5


M-YOJKZ6D1[5E_E3LB]VW8G\C_QC^7NX78=QRC$@&)(P].(8]Z.'M
DU-JH


MJNI847Y3:W

M


M$X:*ZFKT66W6*-A!C=O7CHV&6]SNVOCQB
^=FT'.F'3[IN?4P1:.OG]FI[O.

82IZ

W];


R
M/VFJ[X$W(8XF=NF=.#4ESG%YE$`&\YC5&019(P!`+I38$G.6S+HWSK1`.'

M+/)#_7]]G(C*2'Y7[4H)J+Z



IF#FY\&


]

M7D(3XX2):&8D]=_0
R%1W-MVS
CJO#/G/((CK?(;0;OLK$UDM+ZC\IXWNES
ML7SXTKWJYGM1Y0_%-DTW(W8_;#S(TI:6\)7TPU1R&?J#4%23T20SM)^]6DN



$6J;



$6U2GXD'K0ZI'.]'


HF7R^6ZX?,%8I%H<N8<DE`I%V


0F@0QT,!Q5VM59SPHTZP,*';R;1/`S`
MD


#7=9F!
M8*AN`

M`ID$'7#F%47-@D=.L3BA$F-T

M04?VP7Y*OPL#\``
S&4!C




S2I

*@S88RJ6R<[`1S9'\W:QACU(`'/=;.Y6RWNU
M*O



M4$_X2FM/(N
B$\VW[!95[]
Y?3SX/`L2I?8

K8(#VYE2.(CD_FV)&





O\7?/GM+LS$R5





#4
9L
M(O5PF=^+U$NF#ZFX%W$6/8IST.14
B$)_/4^%:./'Z;?!B`.W=1UI$EA_*T!


MM]OP;B(ZX/\UGL[Y^'
699'\LIK4]TU[I.9+F





IHO(J3$%6]R*78W%+DM?B

M1+D$ILD

M_P@G

MT]^M\:GFZR8:Q]$(*C`H=+)L-GV8+ZAD8GB;`&D4,?B793O2N'=]*Y:9O42
MY698.N9AZ4F?19C-YKU64;P51@5]RV3A(@KO(%60)=#B]R'-7X)#?TKI!3*
M$#?
HIJVV&./*F13R^9J0'9-:Q1#WAR%D_

BQR
MA$[
T)JF`FM#9%O$@^=;Z#:;--AF






PPHZM\*HH*^


MU:*MQ-G/+:YS*L13+N*A&
[OCP4Z)LE@';
%HZ
PNRNXG66GXS!\.)
Q_$Q
I?E:3A8EHH3










M?Q;3.Y%N

M8QTR'*Y:[JV!6T&HBC$6)8/B80MUUDF0[U2@Z1C\V6YF


@Y+8\*GA(AM1*
`U5R\E


NTGRN@0BYL?1*W67*UH%4Q*9.]%W/AEI)



MDDR^OB+?FZO.?=ZV#73;82;1-8WH1-=M;&&SG!

MCMQT^*_9_*1KW3'\
GXI0+*+*!;G(
1M*5-?7086!'K?UAC3/
P11@9QRC&`

MMNU`Z*O+0


`S#
KCI
XZY;U$/N4ZY0$E
WGJJYP!3GH/S


A)S`\
+THWS4A4TEB8&##

MMF
1PV(:TCP;FZ[AN
M8ZQMM2R[\TUM['CH5:_Z(?/2`O')%&Y1XCNT:S'9U


)[)#5UW3$)Y+F^


/Z^3FQL/TS3;M@QL:H0PS4$&=HJ[!:F!'!C#

?4!=;$+




:W


M(O`





P'K[W@MLP'D?+IL7#
MM!L*SIY[#9@!*;))D&5PG7K(1)Y?B@T^X+8/_AS@/1:=6N;AJ69/%4@=CNDZ
MCL_!:%9Y+A:];Z'F_Y0DP^_19)U#[(6.`-D&
YE.&)4OKG+


\Y'C4\=RN%?YQ
^/6C1[1./R

MPZUBRQ_8GH=QY14A:F31;)MI#6BHB;E&--NT.$&&YQ'']I=\^YJF[%$A%3&A












]*V\#C`

\?`!DSR?9KZ/LVY5(Y1?A6&S;@;\-+#1=BLF3;WJ&5Y

M-_(*-=U/.0R:E9E

8]OJ

$Z0X48
M

A`)`X?VT+;*IG64'&)Y3-/=8YE`@:?JI%S


.W98_.;1\`WE2AB+0;PO
M[@R2/IZ4[J3AW)]



M'XUX''R^H-Y)SP7'

RFZKI;I[(#_OP9E62A'A'=04



&D5

G59X?998[PE7E7:R.]?DHEUD%
M`[KH<;1[TQBO<C+(&:441VXHC3VNVNT


M
#
G6F^S3HXM'.2&48X@4Q[#F






HL6HLPR<C*WH_4D#R5'??A<`3QBTC`DF2).
MAH\`8:29GE
B6^O!*ZR4LS53=P=@EIW*I+HK3T3(]\\4&#FMF;+$(`\-@B[8

MKA!

*O
MIGYXJ*M7^\XWI.CDW84!@%IN'98:!F\)*F!L`P'S)/6L?$`VH@/UU]=%/8%X
M+^=WLUFOUI


M^NJ6*X1XP!!383RG&&Z!X`HE)I/Z`#E?ZXEPGT?#&F
/OYNKE9:.HJBE=6

&X6MWE

'.[
M%Q6

UJ*YU-@/5E
JFGY



RT


MGJ(M#982$;B9A(=D


S

M@[N\DS6PTS4-[

G2=.HT9FA9/KU;7NE_*)


S
(`0X@Y`2!IUK]HN8^N0*`P.

)50










FNA;Z1!+KD_
MYB#%ETJ]WCYL':H9JW4T4GY

;W-H=$&$XBU


ML
6





K#5A;V.MQYP+
M;^S^6^
P'%$5KD&QKA-M'.?9A]VJOSU&KB]
^/%W'U[G??]0@1V3T'!/&9+6
M



M^B0GU+K_4.IK9M[^/0QH'[K)9%.W*MUA=3OY\ZGSQ=/Z.FXZCXTL_I^]:^M.
M8U?2_VA&]\NCKF?V.K.W
TG.G#5/6L1N)ZS!D`6V3_+OIQIHC!UH0'2+-IFG
MG9VTFJZO/DFE4EVP]9&#@)B[&*/440J_F6]!75/C@$1L%NUE*#@TH1H%TE


V
U
`KV[`LNG'V0
MX2#?SL;\








M




-A930Y%4R`G--V8'F#FY39_?








S?IC/VNNO;#V5/-,!X\=\MA$


MBUJ@X*(*0F(-1K#E@C4?A4C

M


[`0:\)4AH[CG#S0(
YSN4
M&X



%=`GH)HOCQY.FQ-8]LSX@D99`Z<J0I<A%Y6+@&]FP






M0'[OGK3[-L?K'%B+I`DV'^@FH\5BC8'Y
6Z[(MD[)G'K%!?
:&TM


(]P
M(U'@.#N.;\#DR-?J6Z/@7#B+7)G-IL^S96?-EW*'?U8/7ZIYV]W8WD$I
D8B
MERIX&0

M'
BZ4P(6@3&',/U
MHNEL(P^)=<3WM;#D3'W^ZL8X\D2S/A8/8[J//DFN/`@/78/2$9ZSKCF06JE
MI12P#C?KKG


MU=R91DI



Z=/6E?:N,E0Q#U$K$@F13&#G
MZNIQ:V2)TKGVY(2]RY-XF+**4'[33_D%J9NGDD!2RR(MTB1NMT9#0YMIFTM
M2N\K9-D&`$4.N[GHEF#'CK[9;RODMO#FB-')
NJDBU%%AJFBP@4I&IG!;
YU

M]5`7U%WJ_6


L


8[F'\^.SFW]O)N8HH9V(NQO?;=V2;RX@

M'0HG
\Z14II102*@(HW8\![LYERO=$83EM^!-3F8EPDEF#X#!J##=5[@MAQM
MM8S:!R9D!6SJ5G#A&4

'N:/F9P







]ZG_U3&)$2FJ=



MTSL/\N[APK['$]
$






M7FR*UB7JIK?CR7CYW
V]`36



/OT`=`-
M]#*85?3QYDM^NUODT1Z*;MAM(

MD6

%)KJ1\#3F_D=1-2:_+3-Z=]NCR?I$NGWEK!?@:&7^3(.5*@+%

O9`N:;
MF]WF4$GU0U'[:-]:U\0Z<

MJPCB]?EJS-T@5DN&0NC%:K.KMR6E3IDI0!@3Y0EF'G


MO*71FEE^M@I?-XB=J%WWHCS[/W%/YLVYXD^MS)\Q2V@1JP$.

9L+:6T3/*F)-.<0S4:FP=
MM<=2$%R;`0Y:/$ZN-B0':L!(.^#C
?&W`]E:






%]%'J:Y?K`DZ


VHY=SY5^;2:U$K713#_7%[4A


ME
@X''JK9S/D
WIM=K03M=$
\FE%;40?SQO'&?;`%07/-`W5TI9^0NUVVJ=;



M:6H\3X''WWC_]V)^MQ\;9O/U_\P6N_S]YWM[:#_NUVJUIUS2M_?!DP\W2AGM
MD92!*V494=%#



MN'H%02HOL?2E[)K:[L.^](&)R_RNN-_]-)*GF-J4.$NX-F`?AG+NRVQYE[\K


M!B=9.NS#T.O=
BHEWVP;\^OAP
-?.;^;?9LJ$W<6:NC()!A@310`QDY1S

L*']X#QL5Q7#4'/O&D4GZ7;O*#5BXJ]#
^V\T3@P!\$2H8(4
M!I?22DM2NU+R-^*UB_SE$:J%PY1_7=VM9]^^S&^B8[W[^FV_!@XPU`M1/3-)


\#88489


M:

V;/74^
M')@AR1AVX`+SS!!!=+0Z2TD92P\CKW_K/U&#K1/\!X_ON.QY\Z6)




L05'P)5EFKE'5`F4Z

1$VU`B






ST2TEUT$

N\0XHXC3'GP4BK%

!BGKZ'&F*.1#&
&PC-]:&)RN+6_`


M2O'/C\H
-@`!&4X1QH1@KH


MZK-C




8.Z

:&1EWM_/%XK=\T1)IR]DR;[0P%$0TJH0U7C#&R^MS0;1/
M/=D;6Z)O;$U4R4`AB+OUS9?9)M]\GWRPJ)_D&/4+'[PA8DR8RF)2S5ZB80C
M#0HS6YI9DG!(W4JGEBS;'CE;U
:T+%`DXN&A

M@]N?S10QHGB[U==OJV6QCMY_/G$G\A9D=SKZB2B#F3*`HFL!#C/@7B
C@L7.


I9:5N(X0B0OIU@W&TPF_=9Q1Y#W.H(:

E[5];X1^QZ


MG^B63Q?`/`RA_(]O^4VT
\LZO[\-!DC&'.)`Z&
!4P*(:.*$2S]'&W^P[
F/L02EN822Y2+X]3*VT/T9:R3R:F0S^04]MY


FB$MSB:?O.;H3N
X12:Z

M;TSEZ-
5
C)=#AL5N+F7=M]W



B



M$7+V__+9^M


=0
MN3GYWO#*F8\8M
H[YD13WSL.
:0N=U
+KQ2!U./)LTTSZY*;]?$?(#=S*7P$


#/.[ICF:MA-_74]05A?`H;C#C2&``



M2G#

M!B`N7K!4`F?6B7^+`R[!K0^;P?G+GAD1LNG..GRO[G_K??1]/\I+%RTSST

B/_@
M)[

8N3AUN)$(0\)=:3L:3[(?FJ.%:U`
MF\+36GE;;FRT;06
8YX

MEXR;Q;_RM.%9;K/=+






MLC0
:B?71T4`FOY1_O&/2;:([W[Z\3'[GDTK3O:/&R`8IUB^.5(O




[23U&6D@K94




MWK/O]J=%

H0

=S61RUX/\LC*Y

MM[0!`P7*:&@5`89'CXI!2]R+






_?K/4_RWTH5F(;2)2M;AX.

MY/G_RY6)A)BLVJ1YQ1M#W$/C[FF8


#1MN

M;RN=0

BD%U8^F-=J?BW4EFSJ'COCT1
M&&:]R+'^.!E]G4PW20&'4GA.'CQ0&

7

M]8VLX=33E^D
4F

`R2OI+ZNJ'Y7(='_BQ
M'X$FV-_*%P0#$49(
NF`\H(20UY6&`MELH?V?EDV#(WU
UO^+YL\/D4Y5/1J
M1H_9YLO5=


/FZSK\B_GDYB4K+[J

MT[@HQ!OWMDT



1F*%2'25




[6NC'_9^F:XFSU&(-V2KQ=:*
ML0($T$
2+1L!.=41#*9+(YE)E-JL$0VH@7%OW&P6^WZXF$^:NZ?19NG_G(W&



U_(;K1(

$#C$A](D[V+\^!(A\99
M*N*=




M;+@J/HQ#JZ^6)'45-V\
Y`3M?YD]'*?_WW\8




N7FIT!R
M];D!&0=GP/;&]#

TZ=9109


RCV=G2).\:X(&8A?
M3JD0W%8V!;CFG`DOG=&



%;;5F7!KO\RI*D`/H2TP`3ZZ/?1:G




JKWP0

+?

MIO7M\G







MD7=SQ--Q62?$0R(PD1!+:@P3H)`9$']!96Q[X
E;3&U

M$(8!:+BAT0N2V

M3K7@U&BI@`'`.UE('7%(+=

M]/A=]
``P5DB/9$

MCA.4BMZZ%1)A!+2U@@(G=C@8ZD1JS
T@2Q4V38UCEL&&@.^4@-NCG@T@\/A]

N6+\?^Q=
AK=^1X'::.,,#<D<!V0::X:.Y!T
M=($^X=#






MN1&H.\;CW/Z:@H.B3''A-/
8+(N.-R%J*T$
51KW^Y#UA.H9)I+4?-%NMG3_
MP$)I:KE2HKJY5P5'B3'-=$SK2F[/TNY5;K_-NMZK0LY;CG+&VUW&6582A5&1


NT8:J20Q`LZ:NV3-K^T!!Y


HI6/]3;I3874FT94GB(UB$%`X%Y:@WA%FOIA`NY)[(3



13







M!]&C=N_R5=\SG$/:!RS_L;?\=N.Q0D?IB1).(;?):S*4T48*[4/NM5B=UXJI
M6H0



A-N
MMWA!+=#[T%OK$_ANL$XM-]I(9DF@(BJ0+R*GWC63K&


M30^Z5#O'%(P9X5$(XK0QA`2.WM7R

M120D&7^1\)*42#0JUG)1*RZH'+8'W6YI)GXLHE







M.GN0(D.]^QW]CM.XS1\=76[%:5+/A^75J1EQSAE%:.2I(V=]M0XZ2-AAO#


M(QZ8JH+.P3%:2Z@#7&1[CF
4W3X$T0W9Z398\!J

M#%-KL)#+H#[!'8)$?3;IDXZX*@,0I=E%KH6$NG3';T?(34&:'KU)-6SL6Y
M8QI?)__`*:XE4\DR*^)L5(V$
?H+REHX7LGM&U]W0W4(WO39[EAS0PEZYS%Z

#

;^$_@Y_%HKM



M`I*]=+P0*7V*A%Q9\E8MJRBTQ`[ZC+7SAQ)(C#T^+=[$N;_-SM0PHP&%%I



M\P9G0

M0IDF1

=K
0^I2`OJ2%A4-

MXPYBY-'6

FV)
M#4]H(2AALEN








VH


M






OVR]T1R\CP&H:R(L:
M%X=!=[_`/MH@8(,]C*@`J+E0PB)'V[6)Y.L:[V^93/

MARM'OP^


6$E-A+YJVT0)'&\H
N


^MM1RQJ)]:;:4Q


6N
MOR:
3MWN7=`Z1*HH`CD4A'+CL(4
LD84!\T-7&:
.)VKJ?$MH6NE
6Z;



R1MPZCD3'$LHCIA

_KC?NG9
Q'QO5EL;ZH6GS/


UYXJ4H
EY-`G20VCTV_S/^?(DN_?_VI]*%W46

5.
M`*`Q!90BCR$P#9;($9=+IRJ3M$]!IRG1'J0\_;)8=IV^[Y=]5:=+.@L$*ZB=

M$@=W9J1^M5N?9=EH_0=AF3

M^V&D]
XI.;V=W^U_[+
1J



%J*=Z





WMK\BWV%196@`MN7#BWY?

MDL=7QQ;T8H6H](3=
$X@9II9..6VDC!L2U6__'MZ]0#8U-#M-9'.G(UP%X
UT@3?\UR)*';VG.]*JI=;Q!@$93B83P
M'!G'.!&B$8R)/
?H555\O$:U

M2$2SXZI_0
?SN%7UZG+]RFE9
$!L7EM3*\[@5TW9;-CWRO'E!25O8?.:




B7E#HO-6`4

M@/`6%R=RS^?*?&.U


M;J$2;I_N2M[_^#H`KK3U2GDA`6$&``O`02X#YW4%AMQ;L_Z;'+P+'48;`?F
M\J?*8:R%8D)'U0!1:!HI(0Y#Y(JH@EH\QIG]S]ET%Y#8+DYN[G1!$`3$*
M086DM=ZV



M-Q%'QHS_&WWY5G.4S4!1*#&1B%!`48F$:BE$_K=C:1


C#NM%9BNU^[S;;%_FMNJ5

]A30UI7RS%G@AE#
ME



M



MUA-HO'=

M^817KV?K0(U1U$1+5!'AD?2B-;,P-SENFVJ]_#E4V0Z=$N'Z_4,U`M(X
M
?#.#AOS;T<!!H1RQ#G+#C(SF)<;M
M8&EVRMR*$H%
L2^


_TF



MU2G*H%2_K@)%$5IN%%.





XNA_CITM/R_B/J8VF_EV%(OF





MH)&AJ[[/B19!:$R!080!!K1W3F!E&OD`UC=2XV?4F3ZIR`]!MHA1F;(B[!_^





MI(E3T&9


B'CI/


3:P)

MQ:$0IYZF-+38C^5^_NDD43:G@A[R.@I:Z90G+B4\H-@0Y[4'C8#.LQO)-#'J


M='3

C[VOU8I^X36`D7



MKHBU!OC\]O`A#B6T%`@IC^PT(%9@CJ0UVE2V



G_(E[^_9FNM]*KXO)JOS:(_9O/L
MNO@Q*X-#XY
ZFT6U.34N=*R3G!O--4

M-0(_*TL';^/;]XAB=YRVL5P77[)YE
TL_G!5N%^3^VC)E(]_S9:K^6Q1[V)\

_C/#:\0IQ87VJK^C,%IO:OM&+9X^%-0]0SS`X3UO!
T4






G1
M\?];MEQ.-Y5(_I4O[^+SI016R[MB4^ZFK8EP[#L!*2VE0%[@N(P0XX2#`#BJ
M!82XV0G^H@

MKI;QIX_Y?;XA6L+T..5KP4@%A+!6L.PDPY0I'?FEMI%1/J1YK\M6V
0;`)
3LM?1$+[B0G@%NB<8<%[!@J%)
MW11&%.TR6K8/+\XS.ZI$1EHJ@17

X1;

M8BF7

(ORBU-N';/WM!7W

RP!`9HLMC6:L`JX8O$XUU,Z%)BE+;K'N47*P!
I\^K]


AN11([OKFRNST
FOWX64$V8ZBQK%V\\:UUQX
M+\IT7-888:C5N]T;6I'*MG/1DA*H4?2
95=W\V+U







H\T&7\

M5OOH9IS;_*H^B[-M





MVD%UB


M=\G3EJ`?T%?6A7K+2^/+Y8RR?3$XEZK/D`L8)Q-C-;Q@DQQITNJQ9M4.-6

74KKY

0QED76[@+3_[&:3//;/+OY
M
B^VOZGR[6/U_UK\2K3^K/



MRFA
Y+;&19VEMHJA&U4F?HC;^
LP9]5LI::K?MNZ0
MLJI@_'

S

MQAC24@(-B+

R2J'A*

M35O)XW_;D3%HDN_.GMDQ;&L+3@JH@]#E=0:Y)MQY_790Q&N.H))&0ZBMAMA4

M
G0W*@92\W



:3WR:1I?KA^[HI3.JJ#Z-A/NMM0W7[^9J!$4P?C\`QR6DMF*1!/[(G4



M+0=JG?



M\[LM`T&0Z@`\
T]R




YLO?5_/);#'97!S6



MK:(3-/M8
#Y-_E/


MHJ,;Y.&P\1Y97B25W4!BZ':-TK15TBG[#+;2H!+\H2:4\GP&-?OF3SZU)V

J[8;#J


M3)?1PGC(9JM#ATS/'PS


M@U8H8Q1S&E2&%=



M'==A8Y5PV\D2




M


MQ882:XW'UI?[9*
MR?6H=?*RNZ[2N@YD+AW]D%78KLWJ`PY3I)F&GD1S#L7)




$6B(
X\!C


MMD*0R?/S9+SLX]'8P@]M@[(.
!8[3Z%31G@$N2['`SSH47VB*F!N\Z*B&-N@

MY[[B\X'(T.
/!2:

M\'4[6RV#0\8P9`4&TBA&

X3'C^=%%BXHW7PAFO*

@_L4D=HQR
M1ZD0Y3BX





MX(^-@J=8Q9$RS60TJR`B&)=#-5J`W!UNEVZY;PCP2H)LP\BPQ6

/ZVMNO
MH\$XW=WX-$XQQG$#]MM@.$[;+[LHODWNBOE\M/0BS^`!PR/WE8%:$SDOK8:2

UW%G$KN;#JY9YZJ_-Y`D8/*KJX@A:GZ

61)D?K`65T])`^

M)=I%)4/)=O8`N401()Q3SG%ZJB3+4=K]F1Z[&D9,
15Z6
DM@#JIS7K.PB
M





PA
M1PSAZ_%I%\?8HVJ7%?']8

GT^)^

A92P%R?6]?\NTTL0Q5EV0I7BJ?MGAY?BO8]$R#2QD9U(G$/


_$`E_^3*(#?











VUWYF;SX7








M._VAFTBUDF_3^-!3I=H+Z\FJX'%U408C)UCVHA*4&RE#[CS%R_3^3J]20+


YCP9'N546`6.4)T0Y(DM)0RLR@V/[5`\=!O:T`5L
M+NQD_#*8IH:O11]=B2SN\ZPWF&.&F.-



M:1VNC
R
+XND2.L8OH]]+55Y7R;.J8\'+*FPFD)+$$W.3\[TQD








N9@5TB4(UX9%-H=C@_'EH


N1:.Z$+DZ8^]S=M)4U0\&


M]*475!!L-MLM341N]


M1!=/PW$2DQZ

MQ(.KM77?Q)]=R-;]V(



\C2CM#CU712!-=)O'Y]0M*HCPW221$@J1F'NPI



$
J@



43[%.[+K;LDQ;N-^
MOE8?IG$W[&,@W%!H$<4*R5HY*`^#
Y2)9?='5$.QCLR[F[)
6CCCAK:@?`V



#2'R;%K)1W&!(F`B
M$=746


1/.C&J-3LQ0'R.9%-


M6T%Q910WD:?T6'#/=HCZ?C#&?S:P8?PML2+;NSDB2%CL%`NL^1?CL?%F#E

678!@'\HJ1+!.SG6\KESCCKC=M;;&
*(_

M@S'UNWZ@0$E(N8&.&R2E@

PCR?75'1N'J^^%0S3
M%%(EA&7$(0R-T0??4P.4&KK4.$/V8PV1695C
(TGD)\*A2[5\37G7FW-S@0$
M-`,VR\EXXA(AP^.

MV$

R+E@=W^O`
M4WO^7JYW

M5GO8U&^1$F






.=:F$0


TC8:TI[5B;


MY`A;J;AG2`HO(SK+R



E11@RW



TZ!_U4+.Z6DX=OTYO)K.X\]+)-







#?=B7R$-2:DM/.N9U)M-:\%Z+*DX1N

0.!-ZB2@8MK
MNGHV06]O:3X)MQRZ_V4ZG]YO[L]J_]ES06E&ROTI8#DGQ'IA+-_+H3RV9P.F
M1Z;_IMI;M(==%@Y

U;I&NT3IXSY6.TCJ'@'`*E&?6



M)O/;^/*[./3^OIS



MEM_KL^E8DP`4P



MG9$RK3.D\QP[Q




%JO-LM:-H8W?%8C16CGFXJ*0&&2]9]5N
V*)*^*+J%?D!V_Z_)LFST6*25T.I]'B/'8V0'!!#A.!(ZGW2
M#32,*-73.&`6]_?[6Y+M]'%Z&T%<?2Z6V^LXRW.-SY/I[0G3K],\E((;#@%U
M4)09L)(5DGNT^.FQFOMM:GP.HVO;;0'9.!/G_@TCPV+PW_KR6QW26Q1K/<'






R52F#C`#BH?*

MG



HC0$G+ARGR]\/F4AR&HQEB99HI7Y(D0(B

6-\]AY(N9W&C@S4E(






M&YXB_-;%IU&!+D$I6]TL[ZMK7=W'7[9UMG.RO+X8?2]E;UA'@2&N!7/28N.!

MD$HPW*HP2J/LC)?S
Y)/'NA\^]IL2X6/S).O,ZF02-N$=(I\-40).+FPK=

M/S/]:7D;%VX6.=\M3NL^`M5@2FBCK0*DT@\
#L(FIM;N5$='XV]R-@/7$$
M_


MPS;5]ND.]WSU9;#(&R@\M5I'14
QQ3AMYJ(IS

S7P
MF5XTJH&
M!VIVO?HR0`\`3`_L
8V$!03X'2:



0YUW#*24BXCB;'%#4Y.9)?OFI4*-!5U

MO.HG:!Y5/0N

%%`LU015&^




6]8J
M)W&H?]?
5F#E9=96/

MM!IQ5*5))?P4J\O45QO!(]&X^.6;*0F8#LVXGJ=L/'NT.(VPV1L_T1?EYY

$_4YRE;JUM&MNB8N$9[

N4O[J^V@6


M=N`I*:Y3'F



M4./+W56]N%LQ6(=LPE;

?KK5\R/
'V]Z&D
5DL
X1&C4DPQ

M
-=KL(4]!/9;0(2BUQ[

.V1-O:N
M0


%#!5J#.I5`2SLAG`#T_=J
P=AKPZH?


KP
^E2!9O-`H3;MZO!A_+
F?*BK`WL:6)Q9*^);WLQG


MUHQGV`XX@=WI'2I&W:;




M:2%C*.9
1FCY]8:?4



MXD7T*FD?A0RD.A.Q
*A-.7A9)^=[3F)UVC7;FE\;JLR&IS1






FOW9Y9!0HI%:

M12]5BR[RLK7HFF$NQE=ZF(?4JQ[*%E%2.35#D/2++DC2P[;?(9+T?:76TGF+







M%U
<='YUH_-A*^/9TYOO(F/-$/&]G2LI)T3V0WA]J(F
MN%61

-H./V5=&[XQ9NXHOF-$%,WKM/C^FB64/@\4:3

+V56')TA]4J@ZZ)@.
MV^8NGIFH(:_Q1I/7

M^.L[K&[@O6?3@'_D3(@OE&.;S2G8'5DR^F*GC3'NH-5JTSL^UAR@E
49O8H;

:Z
;#.5

M#^Y\#J];SAX)'`%PR7CGH]M`W(QEP?'.8YG0A[3;

\

MSF2C][A-I0/Z+V('K8!N:QZC%XE4Q^3C8TU



M7Z
+E5M-.(.Y.


MD4)96@

3V6QK0X[DP0[K')3*:OS)4\$J6`P@DU;8X7J$G9D&C6C\AT







#]\A[(DWF`?*E1!\.**
T6+YWV-(B]$J^

%3Y:,2DO,UYL]]Q!ZR++;
M\`/Q=?U)*.PL\*N[T_4Q]ZUGLEQ)'6*N-7;#M7;HHZ<
@2CC\R3LX+D`A:Y

MN=HIWF^D&!M#1_.\!\H6$*Q@..A'F3`N7ODI.\KAQ9E+C$2H[RF]C?`L*Q

L3MX$')_9WD$`MU


G7W!GTI2J&:

@4:9C8\!M

M425JG31#GN/HFL0UG*RBEVFC1!/N`S&/\1[,*S=L8M%6/CR+?TSCDF_7:X
MCL%E_
GBCHBR0=*KD#XZB#&E^'XAF9TO+J7A3L7ND&+?W/LNNFU&GF

1N*4]
M9*KU`XB?.Z-23ALVR:7`:Y5\03%MU:\MY)3AM!.=K'X;)IFCCWU#N7+W`B0B
M;U6IQR!GY9`D)[8?@/@@=)B<8-E`'C*;]._XHPZE0B2'TM=5!^:<XS3B%

E][AQ4SE'66HM9/AU+0#B%!;!


M:_7-HNB&M5\PEMY2;'T@7?)VUT%T62+GG-FJ[^$D!BHY6F?V]VXF1VN6W5D6
M-);IXG86;X28-=U1T9+&SC/]R84%B?


MV&
3_KBP.(5M%$G/O`3E78WJLF%QL5QY;(UQ9*0EV^D4I&*3PJ+B5C5ZMU`0

`Z?;-[;6!B%C6O_V/V0VQS0

RNHMY$3S([MQ[3X.^$@4


)M5[=N2
VIB`GC
M4_Z1/4HYU+93GNP0U-C;!O7Z*+SVIJE-!\A<;.?.S[7TF,%[6:ZX!$*Q&G.O
M?]4WYR41APAB1M-1M8<3]T_&&Q/NI
3O_4H`'^PH^

YYA\RU4)ND






!;AX39%!B0NHYI

)T.NJ3


@=;%F=0@X]





&@$`5Z_APV
M^IM0NZ%RX$[87K4AA_$^L<;=X,56<B])3M$8`3EF'X81XJPRT`C4)2DFB
M0JU2N#6?I^L37
TUF#?A9'2`B;;HHPC4)K#.X?K.
;*3JE`H7U:7@/0LG]/5


XWA9_AL#J^LV?XP.7;.31

4`````#X?#U&+Z3@.2B:`@Q@34`$``8
M```````!````I($`````;6MC+3(P
30Q
3

M
C`Q-#$Q

M
C`Q-#$Q

M``$```D@9YJ`P!M:V,M,C`Q-#$Q,S!?;&%B+GAM;%54!0`#DYK*5'5XP`!



M
C`Q-#$Q


`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


        
        


        
State income taxes
Other
 net


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 uncertain tax positions) and other types of income tax contingencies
 including: (1) the policy on classification of interest and penalties; (2) a tabular reconciliation of the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits at the beginning and end of the period; the total amount(s) of: (3) unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate
 and (4) interest and penalties recognized in each of the income statement and balance sheet; (5) for positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts unrecognized will significantly change within 12 months of the reporting date the: (i) nature of the uncertainty
 (ii) nature of the event that could occur that would cause the change
 and (iii) an estimate of the range of the reasonably possible change or a statement that an estimate of the range cannot be made; and (6) a description of tax years that remain subject to examination by major tax jurisdictions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      


















        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member] | August 2013 [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt
 Weighted Average Interest Rate
        
        
        
        
        
        


Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member] | 3.90% Notes Due 2021 [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member] | 3.50% Notes Due 2023 [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member] | 5.25% Notes Due 2013 [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Committed credit facilities
 fee
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              

 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2011



              

 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2013








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Duration Of Agreement
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding current portion.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including minimum and any contingent rent expense
 net of related sublease income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
$ 4
243.2
$ 4
123.4
$ 4
014.2


        
2
513.0
2
457.6
2
396.4


        
1
730.2
1
665.8
1
617.8


Selling
 general and administrative expense
1
122.0
1
075.0
1
039.5


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Other income
 net
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 lump-sum cash payments to plan participants in exchange for their rights to receive specified benefits and purchasing nonparticipating annuity contracts to cover vested benefits.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income (expense) recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends
 (b) interest on securities
 (c) net gains or losses on securities
 (d) unusual costs
 (e) gains or losses on foreign exchange transactions
 and (f) miscellaneous other income and expense items.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Minimum [Member] | Machinery
 Equipment And Computer Software [Member]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Maximum [Member] | Machinery
 Equipment And Computer Software [Member]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Proceeds from sale of property
 plant and equipment
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Short-term borrowings
 net
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 lump-sum cash payments to plan participants in exchange for their rights to receive specified benefits and purchasing nonparticipating annuity contracts to cover vested benefits.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 certain corporate joint ventures
 and certain noncontrolled corporation; these investments are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. This element excludes distributions that constitute a return of investment
 which are classified as investing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment assets
 excluding oil and gas property and timber property.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 other noncurrent assets and liabilities
 or a combination of other current and noncurrent assets and liabilities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which the entity may have realized and reported separately.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        

      






























        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Scenario
 Forecast [Member] | UNITED STATES
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Scenario
 Forecast [Member] | UNITED STATES | Employee Severance [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Scenario
 Forecast [Member] | UNITED STATES | Annual Cost Savings [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Scenario
 Forecast [Member] | UNITED STATES | 2016 Estimated Annual Cost Savings [Domain]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        


        
November&#160;30
November&#160;30
 2013:


        
November 30
1
1
1
1
102.4


        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        


        
The following tables disclose the impact of derivative instruments on other comprehensive income (OCI)
November 30
 2014
 


        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including financial assets and financial liabilities
 and the measurements of those instruments
 assets
 and liabilities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the amount of gain (loss) on derivative instruments and nonderivative instruments designated and qualified as hedging instruments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation
 Rate of Compensation Increase
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost
 Rate of Compensation Increase
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation
 Discount Rate
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost
 Discount Rate
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation
 Discount Rate
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost
 Discount Rate
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation
 Discount Rate
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost
 Discount Rate
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation
 Discount Rate
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost
 Discount Rate
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation
 Rate of Compensation Increase
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation
 Rate of Compensation Increase
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 of the vote entitled to be cast by the holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock
 automatically
 on a share-for-share basis
Holders of Common Stock Non-Voting will vote as a separate class on all matters on which they are entitled to vote. Holders of Common Stock Non-Voting are entitled to vote on reverse mergers and statutory share exchanges where our capital stock is converted into other securities or property
 dissolution of the company and the sale of substantially all of our assets
 as well as forward mergers and consolidation of the company.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Fair Value
 Assets
 Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Measured on Recurring Basis [Abstract]
        


        
November 30
value&#160;hierarchy&#160;as&#160;of&#160; November&#160;30
value&#160;hierarchy&#160;as&#160;of&#160;November&#160;30
&#160;2013&#160;&#160;




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity
 if any
 by class that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Segment Reporting Information
 Profit (Loss) [Abstract]
        


        
We operate in two business segments: consumer and industrial. The consumer and industrial segments manufacture
 market and distribute spices
 seasoning mixes
 condiments and other flavorful products throughout the world. Our consumer segment sells to retail outlets
 including grocery
 mass merchandise
 warehouse clubs
 discount and drug stores under the &#8220;McCormick&#8221; brand and a variety of brands around the world
 including &#8220;Lawry&#8217;s&#8221;
 &#8220;Zatarain&#8217;s&#8221;
 &#8220;Simply Asia&#8221;
 &#8220;Thai Kitchen&#8221;
 &#8220;Ducros&#8221;
 &#8220;Vahin&#233;&#8221;
 &#8220;Schwartz&#8221;
 &#8220;Club House&#8221;
 &#8220;Kamis&#8221;
In each of our segments
 we produce and sell many individual products which are similar in composition and nature. With their primary attribute being flavor
We measure segment performance based on operating income excluding special charges and loss on voluntary pension settlement as these activities are managed separately from the business segments. Although the segments are managed separately due to their distinct distribution channels and marketing strategies
 manufacturing and warehousing are often integrated to maximize cost efficiencies. We do not segregate jointly utilized assets by individual segment for internal reporting
 evaluating performance or allocating capital. Therefore
We have a large number of customers for our products. Sales to one of our consumer business customers
 Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc.
 accounted for 
. Sales to one of our industrial business customers
 PepsiCo
 Inc.
 accounted for 
Accounting policies for measuring segment operating income and assets are consistent with those described in note 1. Because of integrated manufacturing for certain products within the segments
 products are not sold from one segment to another but rather inventory is transferred at cost. Inter-segment sales are not material. Corporate assets include cash
 deferred taxes
2
1
4
4
1
1
1
4
4
2
1
4
4
1
1
1
4
4
2
1
4
4
1
1
1
3
4
November 30
2
4
1
2
2
4
1
2
2
4
1
2
Long-lived assets include property
 plant and equipment
 goodwill and intangible assets
 net of accumulated depreciation and amortization.




        
          

        
          
            

 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Employee Benefit And Retirement Plans (Amounts Recorded In Balance Sheet
 Defined Benefit Pension Plans) (Details) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Pension and Other Postretirement Defined Benefit Plans
 Liabilities
 Noncurrent
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Pension and Other Postretirement Defined Benefit Plans
 Liabilities
 Noncurrent
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 deferred income taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 prior service cost (credit)
 and transition assets (obligations)
 as well as minimum pension liability if still remaining
 included in accumulated other comprehensive income associated with a defined benefit pension or other postretirement plan(s) because they have yet to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the amount recognized in balance sheet as a current liability associated with an underfunded defined benefit plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified




          




          




          




          




          




          



Balance
 Value at Nov. 30
 2011
$ 1
618.5
        
        
        
        
        


Balance
 Shares at Nov. 30
 2011
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other comprehensive loss
 net of tax
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Shares purchased and retired
 Shares
        
        
        
        
        
        


Shares purchased and retired
 Value
        
        
        
        
        
        


Shares issued
 including tax benefit 
 Shares
        
        
        
        
        
        


Shares issued
 including tax benefit
 Value
        
        
        
        
        
        


Equal exchange
 shares
        
        
        
        
        
        


Equal exchange
 amount
        
        
        
        
        
        


Balance
 Value at Nov. 30
 2012
1
700.2
        
        
        
        
        


Balance
 Shares at Nov. 30
 2012
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other comprehensive loss
 net of tax
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Shares purchased and retired
 Shares
        
        
        
        
        
        


Shares purchased and retired
 Value
        
        
        
        
        
        


Shares issued
 including tax benefit 
 Shares
        
        
        
        
        
        


Shares issued
 including tax benefit
 Value
        
        
        
        
        
        


Equal exchange
 shares
        
        
        
        
        
        


Equal exchange
 amount
        
        
        
        
        
        


Balance
 Value at Nov. 30
 2013
1
947.7
        
        
        
        
        


Balance
 Shares at Nov. 30
 2013
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other comprehensive loss
 net of tax
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Shares purchased and retired
 Shares
        
        
        
        
        
        


Shares purchased and retired
 Value
        
        
        
        
        
        


Shares issued
 including tax benefit 
 Shares
        
        
        
        
        
        


Shares issued
 including tax benefit
 Value
        
        
        
        
        
        


Equal exchange
 shares
        
        
        
        
        
        


Equal exchange
 amount
        
        
        
        
        
        


Balance
 Value at Nov. 30
 2014
$ 1
809.4
        
        
        
        
        


Balance
 Shares at Nov. 30
 2014
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 including tax benefit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including tax benefit
 value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 that is
 the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized). Alternate captions include the words stock-based compensation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 stock
 and paid-in-kind (PIK) dividends declared
 for example
 but not limited to
 common and preferred stock.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
              
 -Subparagraph (b
c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Adjustment
 before Tax
        
        
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment
 Net of Tax
        
        
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Derivatives Qualifying as Hedges
 before Tax
        
        
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Tax
 Portion Attributable to Parent
        
        
        


Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after reclassification adjustments
 of increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
              
 -Subparagraph (b
c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after reclassification adjustments
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax [Abstract]
        


        
The following table sets forth the components of accumulated other comprehensive loss
Accumulated other comprehensive loss
November 30
 2014
Net
Net
 after tax




        
          

        
          
            

 which includes
 but is not limited to
 1) the amount of income tax expense or benefit allocated to each component of other comprehensive income
 including reclassification adjustments
 2) the reclassification adjustments for each classification of other comprehensive income and 3) the ending accumulated balances for each component of comprehensive income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 charged to costs and expenses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 charged to accounts other than costs and expenses in a given period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 representing receivables written off as uncollectible and portions of the reserves utilized
 respectively.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Supplemental Financial Statement Data (Supplemental Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Cash Flow Information) (Details) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Inventories
 total
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 total
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Investments and other assets
 total
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Other accrued liabilities
 total
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Other long-term liabilities
 total
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 and other costs not separately disclosed in the balance sheet that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whichever is longer. Alternate captions include income taxes payable
 noncurrent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 improvement
 or renovation to the structure
 including
 but not limited to
 interior masonry
 interior flooring
 electrical
 and plumbing.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the amount charged to expense for amortization of capitalized computer software costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 acquired and internally developed computer software.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards net of valuation allowances expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(3)
(4))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of investments and other noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet due to materiality considerations. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding long-term debt
 incurred as part of the normal operations that are expected to be paid after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Alternate captions include Total Deferred Credits and Other Liabilities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of current assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Current assets are expected to be realized or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent liabilities are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as one or more defined contribution plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

  2014
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
$ 9
364
251
283
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        
        
11
963
137


        
        
859
593
668
        


        
        
        
        


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        
        
116
305
343


        
        
$ 8
504
657
615
        




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
We sponsor defined benefit pension plans in the U.S. and certain foreign locations. In addition
November 30
Annually
 we undertake a process
 with the assistance of our external investment consultants
 related to the U.S. pension plan. During the third quarter of 2013
 we offered former employees with deferred vested benefits in that plan the opportunity to settle those benefits in exchange for a lump sum payment. Based upon the acceptance of that offer by certain employees
Rollforward of the benefit obligation
 fair value of plan assets and a reconciliation of the pension plans&#8217; funded status as of November&#160;30
 the measurement date
 follows:
 respectively
November 30
 2014
 respectively. The assets related to this plan
November 30
 2014
 respectively
November 30
 2014
November 30
 2014
The investment objectives of the defined benefit pension plans are to provide assets to meet the current and future obligations of the plans at a reasonable cost to us. The goal is to optimize the long-term return across the portfolio of investments at a moderate level of risk. Higher-returning assets include mutual
 co-mingled and other funds comprised of equity securities
 utilizing both active and passive investment styles. These more volatile assets are balanced with less volatile assets
 primarily mutual
 co-mingled and other funds comprised of fixed income securities. Professional investment firms are engaged to provide advice on the selection and monitoring of investment funds
November 30
 2014
 by asset category
November 30
 2014
 by asset category
The following tables set forth by level
 within the fair value hierarchy as described in note 8
November 30
As of November 30
As of November 30
As of November 30
As of November 30
This category comprises insurance contracts
This category comprises private equity
Net
Net
The value for the Level 3 hedge funds&#8217; assets is determined by an administrator using financial statements of the underlying funds or estimates provided by fund managers. The value for the Level 3 private equity funds&#8217; assets is determined by the general partner or the general partner&#8217;s designee. In addition
 for the plans&#8217; Level 3 assets
 we engage an independent advisor to compare the funds&#8217; returns to other funds with similar strategies. Each fund is required to have an annual audit by an independent accountant
November 30
 2014
For the U.S. defined contribution retirement plan
 of the participant&#8217;s salary
 and 
 
 
At the participant&#8217;s election
 shares of McCormick stock
 with a fair value of 
November 30
 years of service. The subsidy provided under these plans is based primarily on age at date of retirement. These benefits are not pre-funded but paid as incurred. Employees hired after December&#160;31
Rollforwards of the benefit obligation
 fair value of plan assets and a reconciliation of the plans&#8217; funded status at November&#160;30
 the measurement date
 follow:
For 2014
 the assumed annual rate of increase in the cost of covered health care benefits is 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is defined as Income or Loss generated from operations located outside the entity's country of domicile.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
        
        


Trade accounts receivable
 less allowances of $4.0 for 2014 and $4.1 for 2013
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
1
416.2
1
370.2


Property
 plant and equipment
 net
        
        


        
1
722.2
1
798.5


Intangible assets
 net
        
        


        
        
        


        
4
414.3
4
449.7


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
1
122.0
1
063.1


        
1
014.1
1
019.0


        
        
        


        
2
604.9
2
502.0


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
1
809.4
1
947.7


        
4
414.3
4
449.7


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
              
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of investments and other noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet due to materiality considerations. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after unamortized discount or premium
 scheduled to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer (current maturities). Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is
 noncontrolling interest
 previously referred to as minority interest).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent liabilities are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
 -Subparagraph 2
 3
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
November 30
1
1
1
2
2
2
162.1
 
 
November 30
 2014
November 30
1
1
1
1
654.7




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include (a) for amortizable intangible assets (also referred to as finite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 the amount of any significant residual value
 and the weighted-average amortization period
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization (also referred to as indefinite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 and (c) the amount of research and development assets acquired and written off in the period
 including the line item in the income statement in which the amounts written off are aggregated
 if not readily apparent from the income statement. Also discloses (a) for amortizable intangibles assets in total and by major class
 the gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization
 the total amortization expense for the period
 and the estimated aggregate amortization expense for each of the five succeeding fiscal years
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization the carrying amount in total and by major class
 and (c) for goodwill
 in total and for each reportable segment
 the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill during the period (including the aggregate amount of goodwill acquired
 the aggregate amount of impairment losses recognized
 and the amount of goodwill included in the gain (loss) on disposal of a reporting unit). If any part of goodwill has not been allocated to a reportable segment
 discloses the unallocated amount and the reasons for not allocating. For each impairment loss recognized related to an intangible asset (excluding goodwill)
 discloses: (a) a description of the impaired intangible asset and the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method for determining fair value
 (c) the caption in the income statement or the statement of activities in which the impairment loss is aggregated
 and (d) the segment in which the impaired intangible asset is reported. For each goodwill impairment loss recognized
 discloses: (a) a description of the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method of determining the fair value of the associated reporting unit
 and (c) if a recognized impairment loss is an estimate not finalized and the reasons why the estimate is not final.  May also disclose the nature and amount of any significant adjustments made to a previous estimate of an impairment loss.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
In the fourth quarter of 2013
 we announced a reorganization in parts of the Europe
 Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region to further improve EMEA&#8217;s profitability and process standardization while supporting its competitiveness and long-term growth. These actions include the closure of our current sales and distribution operations in The Netherlands
 brand
 as well as actions intended to streamline selling
 general and administrative activities throughout EMEA
In 2014
 of charges associated with this previously announced EMEA reorganization
 for other exit costs. For 2013
 of charges related to this reorganization. For both years
 of special charges recognized in 2013
 related to employee severance
 to asset write-downs
 of special charges recognized with respect to this reorganization in 2014
 of special charges recognized in 2013
 special charge for 2013 relates to an impairment charge for the reduction in the value of our Silvo brand name in The Netherlands. Our decision to transition to a third-party distributor model to continue to sell the Silvo brand led us to conclude an impairment indicator to the Silvo brand was present. We calculated the fair value of the Silvo brand using the relief-from-royalty method and determined that it was lower than its carrying value. Consequently
 in special charges included in our consumer business segment during the fourth quarter of 2013. The carrying value of the Silvo brand name as of November 30
The following table outlines the major components of accrual balances relating to the special charges associated with this EMEA reorganization as of November 30
 2013 and November 30
Balance as of November 30
Balance as of November 30
In 2014
 we continued to evaluate changes to our organizational structure to enable us to reduce fixed costs
 simplify or improve processes
 of special charges recognized in 2014 related to the previously announced EMEA reorganization
 of special charges
 consisting of the following:  (1) During the third quarter of 2014
 we recorded special charges in the amount of 
 principally related to employee severance
. We expect that this action will be completed by 2015 and
 upon completion
. (2) During the fourth quarter of 2014
 we recorded special charges in the Australian business in the amount of 
 all related to the consumer segment business
 consisting of employee severance and related expenses
. We expect that this reorganization will be completed in 2015 and
 upon completion
. (3) During the fourth quarter of 2014
 we recorded special charges of 
 consisting of employee severance and related expenses
 in special charges
 related to the consumer business segment and industrial business segment
. We expect that this action will be completed in 2015 and
 upon completion
 generate annual savings of approximately 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
During the normal course of our business
November 30
 2014
 no material reserves were recorded. No reserves are established for losses which are only reasonably possible. The determination of probability and the estimation of the actual amount of any such loss is inherently unpredictable
 and it is therefore possible that the eventual outcome of such claims and litigation could exceed the estimated reserves
 if any. However
 we believe that the likelihood that any such excess might have a material adverse effect on our financial statements is remote.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 types of stock-based compensation awards: restricted stock units (RSUs)
 stock options and company stock awarded as part of our long-term performance plan (LTPP) (formerly known as our mid-term incentive program or MTIP). Total stock-based compensation expense for 
 
 
November 30
.  As of November 30
 2014
 shares remaining available for future issuance under our RSUs
For all awards
RSUs are valued at the market price of the underlying stock
 discounted by foregone dividends
-year term or upon retirement. Prior to 2014
-year period. Prior to 2014
-year period or upon retirement. Upon exercise of the option
 shares are issued from our authorized and unissued shares.
 
 
Under our stock option plans
November 30
 2014
. At November 30
 2014
 the differences between options outstanding and options expected to vest and their related weighted average exercise prices
November 30
 2014
 
 
November 30
 2014




        
          

        
          
            

 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
We use derivative financial instruments to enhance our ability to manage risk
 including foreign currency and interest rate exposures
 which exist as part of our ongoing business operations. We do not enter into contracts for trading purposes
 nor are we a party to any leveraged derivative instrument and all derivatives are designated as hedges. We are not a party to master netting arrangements
We are potentially exposed to foreign currency fluctuations affecting net investments
Contracts which are designated as hedges of anticipated purchases denominated in a foreign currency (generally purchases of raw materials in U.S. dollars by operating units outside the U.S.) are considered cash flow hedges. The gains and losses on these contracts are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income until the hedged item is recognized in cost of goods sold
 at which time the net amount deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income is also recognized in cost of goods sold. Gains and losses from contracts which are designated as hedges of assets
 liabilities or firm commitments are recognized through income
At November 30
 2014
 at November 30
 2013. All of these contracts were designated as hedges of anticipated purchases denominated in a foreign currency or hedges of foreign currency denominated assets or liabilities. Hedge ineffectiveness was not material. At November 30
 2014
We finance a portion of our operations with both fixed and variable rate debt instruments
 primarily commercial paper
In November 2012 and in April and August 2013
 of forward-starting interest rate swap and Treasury rate lock agreements to manage our interest rate risk associated with the anticipated issuance of fixed rate notes in August 2013. We cash settled all of these agreements
 which were designated as cash flow hedges
In March 2006
. We designated these swaps
 which expire in 
November 30
 2014
November&#160;30
November&#160;30
The following tables disclose the impact of derivative instruments on other comprehensive income (OCI)
November 30
 2014
November 30
1
1
1
1
Because of their short-term nature
 the amounts reported in the balance sheet for cash and cash equivalents
 receivables
Investments in affiliates are not readily marketable
November 30
 2014
We are potentially exposed to concentrations of credit risk with trade accounts receivable
 prepaid allowances and financial instruments. The customers of our consumer business are predominantly food retailers and food wholesalers. Consolidations in these industries have created larger customers. In addition
 competition has increased with the growth in alternative channels including mass merchandisers
 dollar stores
 warehouse clubs and discount chains. This has caused some customers to be less profitable and increased our exposure to credit risk. We have a large and diverse customer base and
 other than with respect to the two customers disclosed in note 16
 each of which accounted for greater than 10% of our consolidated sales
 there was no material concentration of credit risk in these accounts at November 30
 2014. At November 30
 2014
 amounts due from those two customers aggregated approximately 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 risk management strategies
 non-hedging derivative instruments
 assets
 liabilities
 revenue and expenses
 and methodologies and assumptions used in determining the amounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        


Foreign Currency Fair Value Hedge Derivative at Fair Value
 Net
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        


Foreign Currency Fair Value Hedge Derivative at Fair Value
 Net
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
November 30
 2014
 
 
 interest in McCormick de Mexico
 of income from unconsolidated operations in 2014
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 other controlled companies
 and other affiliates. It reflects specified information about ownership
 financial results from
 and financial position in such entities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
1
1
1
1
 during this period (our effective rate as of November&#160;30
Interest rate swaps
 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2007
Interest rate swaps
 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2011
Interest rate swaps
 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2013
Maturities of long-term debt during the fiscal years subsequent to November&#160;30
In August 2013
 notes due 2023
. Interest is payable semiannually in arrears in March and September of each year. Of these notes
 were subject to interest rate hedges as further disclosed in note 7. The net proceeds from this offering
 plus cash on hand
We have available credit facilities with domestic and foreign banks for various purposes. Some of these lines are committed lines and others are uncommitted lines and could be withdrawn at various times. In June 2011
 revolving credit facility
. The pricing for this credit facility
 on a fully drawn basis
November 30
 2014
 was used to support issued commercial paper. In addition
November 30
. These lines by their nature can be withdrawn based on the lenders&#8217; discretion. Committed credit facilities require a fee
 and annual commitment fees were 
November 30
 2014
November 30
 2014
 we had outstanding letters of credit&#160;of 
November 30
 2014




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Fair Value
 Assets
 Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Measured on Recurring Basis [Abstract]
        


        
Fair value can be measured using valuation techniques
 such as the market approach (comparable market prices)
 &#160;&#160;Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability
November 30
value&#160;hierarchy&#160;as&#160;of&#160; November&#160;30
value&#160;hierarchy&#160;as&#160;of&#160;November&#160;30
&#160;2013&#160;&#160;




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes financial instruments measured at fair value that are classified in shareholders' equity
 which may be measured on a recurring or nonrecurring basis.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Unrecognized actuarial losses and unrecognized prior service credit
 before tax
        
        
        


Unrecognized actuarial losses and unrecognized prior service credit
 net of tax
        
        
        


Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net Gains (Losses)
 before Tax
        
        
        


Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net Prior Service Cost (Credit)
 before Tax
        
        
        


Expected actuarial losses
 net of prior service credit
 before tax
        
        
        


Expected actuarial losses
 net of prior service credit
 net of tax
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Ultimate health care cost trend rate
 year
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Settlements
 Plan Assets
        
        
        


Unrecognized actuarial losses and unrecognized prior service credit
 net of tax
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Pension and Other Postretirement Defined Benefit Plans
 Liabilities
 Noncurrent
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Unrecognized actuarial losses and unrecognized prior service credit
 net of tax
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Pension and Other Postretirement Defined Benefit Plans
 Liabilities
 Noncurrent
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Pension and Other Postretirement Defined Benefit Plans
 Liabilities
 Noncurrent
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 prior service cost (credit)
 and transition assets (obligations)
 as well as minimum pension liability if still remaining
 included in accumulated other comprehensive income associated with a defined benefit pension or other postretirement plan(s) because they have yet to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the actuarial present value of benefits (whether vested or nonvested) attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered before a specified date and based on employee service and compensation (if applicable) before that date. The accumulated benefit obligation differs from the projected benefit obligation in that it includes no assumption about future compensation levels. For plans with flat-benefit or nonpay-related pension benefit formulas
 the accumulated benefit obligation and the projected benefit obligation are the same.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 prior service cost (credit)
 and transition assets (obligations)
 as well as minimum pension liability if still remaining
 included in accumulated other comprehensive income associated with a defined benefit pension or other postretirement plan(s) because they have yet to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and that are recognized as increases or decreases in other comprehensive income as they arise. Gains and losses are due to changes in the value of either the benefit obligation or the plan assets resulting from experience different from that assumed or from a change in an actuarial assumption
 or the consequence of a decision to temporarily deviate from the substantive plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which has not yet been recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including gain (loss)
 prior service cost (credit)
 and transition asset (obligation).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value as of a date of all benefits attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered prior to that date.  2) For other postretirement defined benefit plans
 the benefit obligation is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value of benefits attributed to employee service rendered to a particular date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 due to factors other than changes in the composition of the plan population by age and dependency status.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 lump-sum cash payments to plan participants in exchange for their rights to receive specified benefits and purchasing nonparticipating annuity contracts to cover vested benefits.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity securities
 real estate and other plan assets) to the fair value of plan assets held.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the amount recognized in balance sheet as a current liability associated with an underfunded defined benefit plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pension expense includes the following components: service cost
 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss) on plan assets
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) due to settlements or curtailments. For defined contribution plans
 the pension expense generally equals the firm's contribution to employees' accounts (if the firm contributes) during the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) due to settlements or curtailments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 lump-sum cash payments to plan participants in exchange for their rights to receive specified benefits and purchasing nonparticipating annuity contracts to cover vested benefits.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income-Components of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
 Net of Tax (Details) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI on Derivatives
 before Tax
        
        
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI on Derivatives
 Tax
        
        
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI on Derivatives
 Net of Tax
        
        
        


Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss
 Amortization Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 for Net Prior Service Cost (Credit)
 before Tax
        
        
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 for Net Gain (Loss)
 before Tax
        
        
        


Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 before Tax
        
        
        


Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 for Net (Gain) Loss
 Tax
        
        
        


Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 for Net (Gain) Loss
 Net of Tax
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Accumulated other comprehensive loss
 net of tax
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income
 Effective Portion
 Net
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income
 Effective Portion
 Net
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income
 Effective Portion
 Net
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 prior service cost (credit)
 and transition assets (obligations)
 as well as minimum pension liability if still remaining
 included in accumulated other comprehensive income associated with a defined benefit pension or other postretirement plan(s) because they have yet to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax
 that results from the process of translating subsidiary financial statements and foreign equity investments into the reporting currency from the functional currency of the reporting entity
 net of reclassification of realized foreign currency translation gains or losses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 1
173.6
$ 1
042.8
$ 1
033.4
        
$ 1
170.1
$ 1
016.4
$ 1
002.6
        
$ 4
243.2
$ 4
123.4
$ 4
014.2


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
730.2
1
665.8
1
617.8


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common Stock
 Market price
 High
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common Stock
 Market price
 Low
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common Stock
 Market price
 High
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common Stock
 Market price
 Low
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 lump-sum cash payments to plan participants in exchange for their rights to receive specified benefits and purchasing nonparticipating annuity contracts to cover vested benefits.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
1
1
1
1
 during this period (our effective rate as of November&#160;30
Interest rate swaps
 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2007
Interest rate swaps
 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2011
Interest rate swaps
 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2013
 effectively fixed the interest rate on the 


        
Maturities of long-term debt during the fiscal years subsequent to November&#160;30
 2014 are as follows (in millions):


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


Results of unconsolidated affiliates
 percentage
        
        
        


McCormick de Mexico
 S.A. de C.V. [Member]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Percent of Income from Unconsolidated Operations
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 percentage
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
1
1
1
1
1
1
170.1
 respectively
 related to EMEA reorganization and other streamlining  activities. For the third and fourth quarters of 2014
 the after tax impact of these charges was 
 respectively
Earnings per share are computed independently for each of the quarters presented. Therefore
 the sum of the quarters may not be equal to the full year earnings per share.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including revenues
 gross profit
 income or loss before extraordinary items and earnings per share data. It also includes an indication if the information in the note is unaudited
 comments on the aggregate effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability or are pertinent to an understanding of the information furnished.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified















        
        
        
        


Finite-lived intangible assets
 Gross carrying amount
        
        
        


Finite-lived intangible assets
 Accumulated amortization
        
        
        


        
1
722.2
1
798.5
1
695.3


Indefinite-lived intangible assets
 total
1
993.0
2
068.2
        


Total goodwill and intangible assets
 Gross carrying amount
2
087.7
2
162.1
        


Total goodwill and intangible assets
 Accumulated amortization
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
1
722.2
1
798.5
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 by antidilutive securities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified











Trade accounts receivable
 allowances
        
        


        
        
        


Common stock
 par value (usd per share)
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized
        
        


Common stock
 shares issued
        
        


Common stock
 shares outstanding
        
        


        
        
        


Common stock
 par value (usd per share)
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized
        
        


Common stock
 shares issued
        
        


Common stock
 shares outstanding
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
1
173.6
1
042.8
1
033.4
        
1
170.1
1
016.4
1
002.6
        
4
243.2
4
123.4
4
014.2


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
1
722.2
        
        
        
1
798.5
        
        
        
1
722.2
1
798.5
1
695.3


        
4
414.3
        
        
        
4
449.7
        
        
        
4
414.3
4
449.7
4
165.4


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
2
625.5
2
538.0
2
415.3


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
1
581.1
        
        
        
1
654.7
        
        
        
1
581.1
1
654.7
1
551.0


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
617.7
1
585.4
1
598.9


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
4
169.7
        
        
        
4
142.9
        
        
        
4
169.7
4
142.9
3
912.2


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 lump-sum cash payments to plan participants in exchange for their rights to receive specified benefits and purchasing nonparticipating annuity contracts to cover vested benefits.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
On May 31
 2013
 we completed the purchase of the assets of Wuhan Asia-Pacific Condiments Co. Ltd. (WAPC)
 a privately held company based in China
 for 
 of cash paid
 net of closing adjustments
 of liabilities. The acquisition was financed with a combination of cash and debt. WAPC manufactures and markets DaQiao and ChuShiLe brand bouillon products
 which have a leading position in the central region of China. WAPC is included in our consumer business segment from the date of acquisition. At the time of acquisition
.  During the second quarter of 2014
 allocated to tangible net assets
 allocated to goodwill. The completion of the final valuation did not result in material changes to our consolidated income statement or our consolidated balance sheet from our preliminary purchase price allocation. Goodwill related to the WAPC acquisition is not deductible for tax purposes. During the years ended November 30
 2013 and 2012
 we recorded 
 respectively
 in transaction-related expenses associated with the WAPC acquisition in selling
 general and administrative expenses in our income statement.




        
          

        
          
            

 including background
 timing
 and recognized assets and liabilities. The disclosure may include leverage buyout transactions (as applicable).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified











Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Notional Amount
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Notional Amount
        
        


Foreign Currency Fair Value Hedge Derivative at Fair Value
 Net
        
        


        
        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


        
        
        


Foreign Currency Fair Value Hedge Derivative at Fair Value
 Net
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes assets elected not to be offset. Excludes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities elected not to be offset. Excludes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes all such derivative instruments in hedging and nonhedging relationships that are recognized as liabilities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of interest rate derivative liabilities
 which includes all such derivative instruments in hedging and nonhedging relationships that are recognized on the balance sheet.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


Deferred tax assets
 Employee benefit liabilities
        
        


Deferred tax assets
 Other accrued liabilities
        
        


Deferred tax assets
 Inventory
        
        


Deferred tax assets
 Tax loss and credit carry forwards
        
        


Deferred tax assets
 Other
        
        


Deferred tax assets
 Valuation allowance
        
        


Deferred tax assets
 total
        
        


Deferred tax liabilities
 Depreciation
        
        


Deferred tax liabilities
 Intangible assets
        
        


Deferred tax liabilities
 Other
        
        


Deferred tax liabilities
 total
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Tax Loss and Credit Carry Forwards
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which can only be deducted for tax purposes when actual costs are incurred
 and which can only be realized if sufficient tax-basis income is generated in future periods to enable the deduction to be taken.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


Equity securities
 Actual
        
        


Equity securities
 Target
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Equity securities
 Actual
        
        


Equity securities
 Target
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Equity securities
 Actual
        
        


Equity securities
 Target
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Equity securities
 Actual
        
        


Equity securities
 Target
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Equity securities
 Actual
        
        


Equity securities
 Target
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Equity securities
 Actual
        
        


Equity securities
 Target
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Equity securities
 Actual
        
        


Equity securities
 Target
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Equity securities
 Actual
        
        


Equity securities
 Target
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity securities
 real estate and other plan assets) to the fair value of plan assets held.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
McCORMICK&#160;&amp; COMPANY
Year ended November&#160;30
Year ended November&#160;30
Year ended November&#160;30
 2012:




        
          

        
          
            

 as well as a reconciliation by type of activity during the period). Alternatively
 disclosure of the required information may be within the footnotes to the financial statements or a supplemental schedule to the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
















    
    
    

Nov. 30


Aug. 31


May 31


Feb. 28


Nov. 30


Aug. 31


May 31


Feb. 28

    

Nov. 30


Aug. 31


May 31


Feb. 28


Nov. 30


Aug. 31


May 31


Feb. 28

    




    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested
 Number of Shares [Roll Forward]
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Non-Option Equity Instruments
 Other
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Other Share Increase (Decrease) in Period
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested
 Number of Shares [Roll Forward]
        
        
        


Outstanding at beginning of year
 Shares
        
        
        


Granted
 Shares
        
        
        


Vested
 Shares
        
        
        


Forfeited
 Shares
        
        
        


Outstanding at end of year
 Shares
        
        
        


Outstanding at beginning of year
 Weighted-average price (usd per share)
        
        
        


Granted
 Weighted-average price (usd per share)
        
        
        


Vested
 Weighted-average price (usd per share)
        
        
        


Forfeited
 Weighted-average price (usd per share)
        
        
        


Outstanding at end of year
 Weighted-average price (usd per share)
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested
 Number of Shares [Roll Forward]
        
        
        


Outstanding at beginning of year
 Shares
        
        
        


Granted
 Shares
        
        
        


Vested
 Shares
        
        
        


Forfeited
 Shares
        
        
        


Outstanding at end of year
 Shares
        
        
        


Outstanding at beginning of year
 Weighted-average price (usd per share)
        
        
        


Granted
 Weighted-average price (usd per share)
        
        
        


Vested
 Weighted-average price (usd per share)
        
        
        


Forfeited
 Weighted-average price (usd per share)
        
        
        


Outstanding at end of year
 Weighted-average price (usd per share)
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


Amounts Recorded In Balance Sheet
 Defined Benefit Pension Plans
        


        
The following tables set forth by level
 within the fair value hierarchy as described in note 8
November 30
As of November 30
As of November 30
As of November 30
As of November 30
This category comprises insurance contracts
This category comprises private equity
 venture capital and limited partnerships.


        
Net
Net



        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


Benefit Obligation
 Fair Value Of Plan Assets And Reconciliation Of Defined Benefit Plans
        


        
November 30
 2014
 by asset category
 were as follows:


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


Benefit Obligation
 Fair Value Of Plan Assets And Reconciliation Of Defined Benefit Plans
Rollforwards of the benefit obligation
 fair value of plan assets and a reconciliation of the plans&#8217; funded status at November&#160;30
 the measurement date
 follow:


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
November 30
 2014
 by asset category
 were as follows:




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the target allocation of plan assets
 the fair value of each major category of plan assets
 and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 showing separately the assets and current and noncurrent liabilities (if applicable) recognized.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including assumed discount rates
 rate increase in compensation increase
 and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 separately for pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans including the entity's schedule of fair value of plan assets for defined benefit or other postretirement plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) recognized due to settlements or curtailments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
State income taxes
Other
November 30
 2014
. Of these carryforwards
 expire through 2016
November 30
 2014
November 30
 2014
 we have tax credit carryforwards of 
 of which 
 net increase in the valuation allowance was mainly due to the recognition of deferred tax assets related to subsidiaries net operating losses which are now more likely than not to be realized
November 30
. Upon distribution of these earnings
November 30
November 30
 2013
 respectively. If recognized
 
November 30
 2014
 and 2012
November 30
 2014
 we had accrued 
 respectively
Tax settlements or statute of limitation expirations could result in a change to our uncertain tax positions.  We believe that it is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits as of November 30
 in the next 12 months as a result of various statute expirations
We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and non-U.S. jurisdictions. The open years subject to tax audits vary depending on the tax jurisdictions. In major jurisdictions
We are under normal recurring tax audits in several of our major operations outside the U.S. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular uncertain tax position
 we believe that our reserves for uncertain tax positions are adequate to cover existing risks and exposures.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













