

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-088200
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20160315
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20160315
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MEDIFAST INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000910329
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS FOOD PREPARATIONS & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2090]
		IRS NUMBER:				133714405
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31573
		FILM NUMBER:		161507407
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11445 CRONHILL DRIVE
		CITY:			OWINGS MILLS
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21117
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7327640619
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11445 CRONHILL DRIVE
		CITY:			OWINGS MILLS
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21117
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HEALTHRITE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19951120
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	XX
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950619
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	00
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950619









     






WASHINGTON
 D.C. 20549 



ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION&nbsp;13 OR 15(d)&nbsp;OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE&nbsp;ACT OF 1934



 2015



TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION&nbsp;13 OR 15(d)&nbsp;OF
THE SECURITIES&nbsp;EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934



to &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;.



Medifast
&nbsp;Inc.
(Exact name of
registrant as specified in its charter)&nbsp;


    
    
    

    
    
    

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation
    or organization)
    
    


3600 Crondall Lane
 Owings Mills
 MD
21117
(Address of principal executive offices)&nbsp;(Zip
code)

Registrant&rsquo;s telephone number
including area code:


Securities registered pursuant to Section&nbsp;12(b)&nbsp;of
the Act:&nbsp;


    
    
    

    
    
    

Common Stock
 par value $.001
    
    

    
    
    

Securities registered pursuant to Section&nbsp;12(g)
of the Act: None


is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule&nbsp;405 of the Securities Act.



is not required to file reports pursuant to Section&nbsp;13 or Section&nbsp;15(d) of the Act.



(1)&nbsp;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&nbsp;13 or 15(d)&nbsp;of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12&nbsp;months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)&nbsp;has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90&nbsp;days.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&nbsp;



mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&nbsp;



mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item&nbsp;405 of Regulation&nbsp;S-K (&sect;229.405) is not contained herein
and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part&nbsp;III of this Form&nbsp;10-K or any amendment to this Form&nbsp;10-K.&nbsp;&nbsp;


mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller reporting
company&rdquo; in Rule&nbsp;12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Accelerated
filer&nbsp;&nbsp;
&nbsp;&nbsp;(Do
not check if a smaller reporting company)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Smaller reporting
company&nbsp;&nbsp;


is a shell company (as defined in Rule&nbsp;12b-2 of the Act).
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&nbsp;



 2015
the last business day of the Registrant&rsquo;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter
 the aggregate market value of the
Registrant&rsquo;s common stock (based on the closing sale price of $32.32
 as reported by the New York Stock Exchange on such
date) held by non-affiliates was approximately $345 million.


Registrant&rsquo;s common stock as of March 1
 2016 was 11
834
724.




to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for its 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholder&rsquo;s are incorporated by
reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.


    
    


CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS


the fiscal year ended December 31
 2015 (&ldquo;Report&rdquo;) contains &ldquo;forward-looking statements&rdquo; within the meaning
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the
&ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;).&nbsp; Forward-looking statements often include words such as &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo;
&ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo;
&ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;seek
&rdquo; &ldquo;would
&rdquo; &ldquo;could
&rdquo; and similar words or
are made in connection with discussions of future operating or financial performance.


expectations
 beliefs
 plans
 objectives
 goals strategies as of the date of this Report and are not guarantees of future performance
or results. Although we believe that these forward-looking statements and the underlying assumptions are reasonable
 we cannot
assure you that they will be correct. By their nature
 forward-looking statements are subject to risks
 uncertainties and assumptions
that are difficult to predict or quantify. Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from what is anticipated
in the forward-looking statements. Some of those factors (in addition to others described elsewhere in this Report and in subsequent
securities filings) include:


our
                                         ability to maintain and grow our network of Health Coaches;

health
                                         related claims by our customers;

the
                                         effectiveness of our marketing and advertising programs;

adverse
                                         publicity associated with our products or sales channels;

the
                                         departure of one or more key personnel;

our
                                         ability to continue to develop innovative new services and products;

the
                                         failure of our services or products to continue to appeal to the market;

our
                                         ability to protect our brand and other intellectual property rights;

product
                                         liability claims;

disruptions
                                         in our supply chain
 the impact of existing and future laws and regulations on our business
                                         risks associated with unauthorized penetration of our information security;

overall
                                         economic and market conditions and the resultant impact on consumer spending patterns;
                                         and

other
                                         risks and uncertainties described elsewhere in this Report
 including those described
                                         under Item 1A-&ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; of this Report
 and in subsequent filings with
                                         the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;).


reliance on forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of the date of this Report. We undertake no obligation to update any
information contained in this Report or to publicly release the results of any revisions to forward-looking statements to reflect
events or circumstances of which we may become aware of after the date of this Report.


    
    






    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    









 Inc. (together with its consolidated
subsidiaries
 &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; &ldquo;our
&rdquo; the &ldquo;Company&rdquo; or &ldquo;Medifast&rdquo;) is engaged
in the production
 distribution
 and sale of weight loss
 weight management
 and healthy living products and other consumable
health and diet products. The Company primarily operates through its wholly owned subsidiaries
 Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 Take
Shape For Life
 LLC
 Jason Enterprises
 Inc.
 Medifast Franchise Systems (&ldquo;MFSI&rdquo;)
 Inc.
 Jason Properties
 LLC
 Medifast
Nutrition
 Inc. and Seven Crondall
 LLC. Medifast product lines include weight loss
 weight management
 and healthy living meal
replacements
 snacks
 hydration products and vitamins. The Company manufactures a significant portion of its products at its manufacturing
facility located in Owings Mills
 Maryland.




 obesity in the
United States has risen dramatically. In 2013
 the American Medical Association officially declared obesity a disease and The
American Heart Association
 the American College of Cardiology
 and The Obesity Society recommended that obesity be managed as
a chronic disease. Throughout the world
 the World Health Organization estimates that approximately 1.9 billion people are overweight.
In the United States
 over two-thirds of the adult population fall within the overweight or obese categories. According to the
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (&ldquo;CDC&rdquo;)
 over 78 million U.S. adults are obese.


 or greater
.
All states in the United States had a prevalence of obesity of at least 20% in 2014. Furthermore
 the CDC reported that forty-five
states had adult obesity rates of 25% or higher
 and twenty-two of these states had obesity rates at 30% or more. Being overweight
and/or obese is linked to a multitude of serious comorbidities including heart disease
 stroke
 Type 2 diabetes
 certain types
of cancers
 arthritis
 sleep apnea and depression. A 2015 report by Trust for America&rsquo;s Health and the Robert Wood Johnson
Foundation estimated 80% of people with diabetes are overweight or obese.


which are well known are: unhealthy food choices and lack of physical activity. Obesity is not limited to adults; the CDC has
reported children and adolescents are also affected. According to the CDC
 the prevalence of obesity in children age 6-11 years
has doubled and obesity rates have quadrupled in adolescents age 12-19 years in the past 30 years. Approximately 18% of children
and 21% of adolescents are obese and are at an increased risk of developing health problems such as high blood pressure
 high
cholesterol and prediabetes.


the CDC reported Americans incurred $147 billion in medical costs associated with obesity in 2008 and that the average annual
medical costs for those who are obese are over $1
400 higher than those of people in normal weight ranges. The U.S. weight loss
market itself is estimated to be a $65 billion per year industry
 including consumer spending on diet foods
 drinks and low-calorie
sweeteners; health clubs and workout videos; medically supervised and commercial weight loss programs; children&rsquo;s weight
loss camps; diet books; appetite suppressants and more. Portion-controlled
 meal-replacement weight management programs are continuing
to gain popularity
 as consumers search for a safe and effective solution that provides balanced nutrition
 effective weight loss
and valuable behavior-modification education.

OUR PRODUCTS
 SERVICES
 AND DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS




loss
 weight management
 and healthy living products and programs through multiple channels of distribution
 specifically: (1)
our direct to consumer channel through our website and in-house call centers
 (2) Take Shape For Life
 (3) Franchise Medifast
Weight Control Centers
 and (4) a national network of physicians . Medifast products and programs have been recommended by over
20
000 doctors since 1980.




by a physician
 Medifast has been on the cutting edge in the development of nutritional and weight-management products since the
Company was founded. The Company offers a variety of weight loss
 weight management
 and healthy living products under the Medifast
Thrive by Medifast
 Optimal Health by Take Shape For Life&reg;
 brands. On January 20
 2016
 the
Company announced the launch of a sports nutrition product line
 Dual Fuel
 which will be available for select private
label customers. The Medifast meal replacement line includes more than 70 options
 including
 but not limited to bars
 bites
pretzels
 puffs
 cereal crunch
 drinks
 eggs
 hearty choices
 oatmeal
 pancakes
 pudding
 soft serve
 shakes
 smoothies
 soft
bakes
 and soups. The Thrive by Medifast and Optimal Health by Take Shape For Life&reg; lines include a variety of specially formulated
bars
 shakes
 and smoothies for those who are maintaining their weight for long-term healthy living.


with high-quality
 low-calorie
 and low-fat ingredients. Medifast meals are individually portioned
 calorie- and carbohydrate-controlled
meal replacements that share a similar nutritional &ldquo;footprint&rdquo; and provide a balance of protein and good carbohydrates
including fiber. Medifast meal replacements are also fortified to contain 24 vitamins and minerals
 as well as other nutrients
essential for good health.


    
    



through the Company&rsquo;s marketing campaigns
 improved product quality
 and an emphasis on quality customer service
 technical
support
 and publications developed by the Company&rsquo;s marketing staff. Medifast products have been proven to be effective
for weight loss and weight management in clinical studies conducted by researchers from leading universities. The Company has
continued to develop its sales and marketing operations with qualified management and innovative programs. The Company&rsquo;s
facility in Owings Mills
 Maryland manufactures all powder-based products and the Company subcontracts the production of all other
products.


its product line by regularly surveying its customer base and studying industry and consumer trends. This allows Medifast to introduce
new
 high quality products that meet consumer demand.



In the
direct-to-consumer channel (&ldquo;Medifast Direct&rdquo;)
 customers order Medifast product directly through the Company&rsquo;s
website
 www.medifastnow.com or our in-house call center. This business is driven by a multi-media customer acquisition and retention
strategy that includes television
 digital advertising
 direct mail
 email
 public relations
 word of mouth referrals
 social
media initiatives
 and other means as deemed appropriate. The Medifast Direct division focuses on targeted marketing initiatives
to acquire and retain customers and provides support through its social communities
 its in-house call center
 and nutrition support
team of registered dietitians to better serve its customers.

&ndash;
Take Shape For Life is the personal coaching division of Medifast. This coaching network consists of independent contractor health
coaches (&ldquo;Health Coaches&rdquo;)
 who are trained to provide coaching and support to clients utilizing the Take Shape For
Life&reg; platform. The role of the Health Coach is to provide support and personal encouragement to help clients effectively
reach and sustain a healthy weight
 and adopt habits for a lifetime of health. Within our Trilogy of Optimal Health
 the Company
offers individuals an opportunity to create sustainable health in all areas of their lives &ndash; building a healthy body
 developing
a healthy mind
 and generating healthy finances. Health Coaches and their clients follow the principles of the Discover Your Optimal
Health book
 Habits of Health book
 and Habits of Health companion workbook written by the NY Times Best-Selling author and Take
Shape For Life&reg; co-founder to create an overall health optimization program. In addition to the encouragement and support
of a Health Coach
 clients of Take Shape For Life&reg; are offered a bio-network of support including product and program information
on our website
 weekly support calls
 and access to our registered dietitians.


support to their clients throughout the weight-loss and weight-maintenance process. Most new Health Coaches are introduced to
the opportunity by an existing Health Coach. The vast majority of new Health Coaches started as weight-loss clients of a Health
Coach
 had success on the Take Shape For Life&reg; program
 and became a Health Coach to help others through the weight-loss process.


the Direct Selling Association (the &ldquo;DSA&rdquo;)
 a national trade association representing over 200 direct selling companies
doing business in the United States. To become a member of the DSA
 Take Shape For Life&reg;
 like other active DSA member companies
underwent a comprehensive and rigorous one-year company review by DSA legal staff that included a detailed analysis of its company
business-plan materials. This review is designed to ensure that a company&rsquo;s business practices do not contravene DSA&rsquo;s
Code of Ethics. In addition to its DSA membership
 Take Shape For Life is also a voluntary DSA Code of Ethics participant
 which
sets higher standards for ensuring compliance. Compliance with the requirements of the Code of Ethics is paramount to becoming
and remaining a member in good standing of the DSA. Accordingly
 we believe membership in DSA by Take Shape For Life&reg; demonstrates
its commitment to the highest standards of ethics and a pledge not to engage in any deceptive
 unlawful
 or unethical business
practices. Among those Code of Ethics proscriptions are pyramid schemes and endless chain schemes as defined by federal
 state
or local laws. Moreover
 Take Shape For Life&reg;
 like other DSA member companies in good standing
 has pledged to provide consumers
with accurate and truthful information regarding the price
 grade
 quality
 and performance of the products Take Shape For Life&reg;
markets. In 2015
 Take Shape For Life&reg;
 and its parent company Medifast&reg; was ranked in the Direct Selling Association&rsquo;s
North American 50 &amp; Global 100 lists.&nbsp;

Franchise Medifast Weight Control Centers

to help customers achieve weight-loss and weight-management success at center locations. In 2008
 MFSI
 a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Medifast
 began offering the center model as a franchise opportunity. MFSI currently offers the Medifast Weight Control Center
franchise opportunity in most states under a registered (where required) franchise disclosure document (&ldquo;FDD&rdquo;). The
MFSI Franchise Agreement requires franchisees to develop a minimum of three Medifast Weight Control Centers within a defined geographic
area in the time frame set forth in the Development Agreement between MFSI and the franchisee. MFSI currently has franchised centers
located in Arizona
 California
 Louisiana
 Minnesota
 Maryland
 Pennsylvania
 Texas
 and Wisconsin. As of December 31
 2015
 61
franchise locations were in operation.


Control Center franchise opportunity in most states under a registered (where required) franchise disclosure document (&ldquo;FDD&rdquo;).
The MFSI Franchise Agreement requires franchisees to develop a minimum of three Medifast Weight Control Centers within a defined
geographic area in the time frame set forth in the Franchise and Development Agreement between MFSI and the franchisee.


on our franchisees&rsquo; active involvement in
 and management of
 Medifast Weight Control Center operations. Candidates are
reviewed for appropriate operational experience and financial stability
 including specific net worth and liquidity requirements.
Upon execution of the Franchise and Development Agreements
 franchisees are required to promptly select sites for their Centers
each of which are subject to MFSI&rsquo;s approval.


the franchise fee for their first Center to be developed and a non-refundable deposit for the second and third Centers to be developed
and covers the cost of MFSI resources provided for
 among other things
 the training of franchisees and their staff
 and approval
of the proposed territory for development. If a franchisee desires to open more than three Centers in the designated territory
there is an additional fee charged for each additional Center to be developed.


    
    



Weight Control Center franchise established under the Franchise and Development Agreements
 MFSI will do the following:


designate the Center&rsquo;s protected
                                         territory.


review for approval the sites selected by the franchisee




review for approval the lease
                                         governing the location where the Center is to be located.


provide the franchisee with standard
                                         plans and specifications for the build-out of the Center along with a list of equipment
                                         and improvements which the franchisee is required to purchase and install.





provide the franchisee on-site assistance and guidance




provide the franchisee with online access to a password-protected




 in certain limited circumstances
cause its affiliate to provide products at a discounted price. Medifast may
 in certain circumstances guarantee a franchisee&rsquo;s
notes
 leases or other obligations. MFSI does not offer direct or indirect financing.


option included in its Franchise and Development Agreements
 it does have the right of first refusal to acquire a Center if the
franchisee wishes to sell a Center.

&ndash;Medifast
medical provider practices carry an inventory of wholesale products and resell them to patients while providing appropriate medical
monitoring
 testing
 and support to ensure healthy weight loss and weight management.


to assist the medical providers
 their staff and their patients in achieving success with their Medifast program. These medical
providers have access to our nutrition support team
 marketing assets and training modules to help grow their program and enable
patients to achieve their weight loss and associated health goals. Medifast&rsquo;s nutrition support team includes registered
dietitians and a behavioral specialist who provide program support and advice via phone and email.


 the Company began piloting an
online offering that features a resource center to provide Medifast medical providers access to the most current product and program
material to support their patients and their business. In addition to opening up the opportunity for current Medifast medical
providers to incorporate an e-commerce solution into their Medifast offering
 they&nbsp;now have access to online training
 news
and tips from Medifast
 and customizable marketing material to help them reach more patients via our wholesale healthcare channel.


 the Company entered into a 3-year
strategic partnership with Medix
 a leader in pharmaceutical obesity products in Mexico. The agreement granted Medix an exclusive
license for the distribution of Medifast products and programs through physicians and weight control centers in Mexico under the
Medifast brand. Inventory is shipped to Medix within the United States and the resulting revenues are classified as domestic sales
for the Company.


 the Company and Medix
amended their agreement to provide an exclusive 5-year licensing agreement to increase distribution of Medifast meal replacement
products and programs beyond Mexico and into Argentina
 Bolivia
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Dominican Republic
 Ecuador
 El
Salvador
 Guatemala
 Honduras
 Nicaragua
 Panama
 Paraguay
 Peru
 Venezuela
 and Uruguay. In 2015
 Medix operated one Medifast
 Center
that features Medifast products and programs. Along with seven Slim Centers
 Medix continued operations in nine total locations
in Mexico.


its international presence into Canada.




products and programs have historically been seasonal. Traditionally
 predisposition of consumers not to initiate a weight loss
or management program during the holiday season impacts the fourth quarter with fewer sales of weight management products and
services. January and February generally show increases in sales
 as these months are considered the commencement of the &ldquo;diet
season.&rdquo;




that consists of a multi-disciplinary
 international panel that serves as the foundation for scientifically-valid
 consumer-centric
high quality innovations for lasting health. Its mission is to help guide Medifast in making informed decisions regarding medical
nutritional
 and scientific matters by providing expertise and information on research and emerging trends.


builds on Medifast&rsquo;s heritage of medically sound approaches to weight loss
 and the incorporation of leading-edge clinical
research into the Company&rsquo;s products and programs. The Scientific Advisory Board is chaired by Lawrence Cheskin
 M.D.
 F.A.C.P.
associate professor of Health
 Behavior
 and Society at Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health and director at Johns
Hopkins Weight Management Center.


    
    





and encompasses various weight loss products and programs. These include a wide variety of commercial weight-loss programs
 pharmaceutical
products
 books
 self-help diets
 dietary supplements
 appetite suppressants
 and meal replacements
 as well as
 digital tools
and wearable trackers. The weight loss market is served by a diverse array of competitors. Potential customers seeking to manage
their weight can turn to other traditional center-based competitors
 online diet oriented sites
 self-directed dieting and self-administered
products such as prescription drugs
 over-the-counter drugs and supplements
 as well as medically supervised programs.


competitors in the general health and wellness diet industry include NutriSystem Inc.
 Herbalife Ltd.
 USANA Health Sciences
and Weight Watchers International
 Inc. The Company believes that it competes effectively in the weight-loss industry and differentiates
itself from the competition.


its scientific and clinical heritage and commitment to evaluating its products and programs through clinical research are primary
differentiators that allow it to compete in this market. Another primary differentiator is the Company&rsquo;s unique multi-channel
distribution strategy
 which provides varying support modalities
 and broadens the availability of the Medifast brand by targeting
a customer&rsquo;s individual needs. Originally developed by a physician
 Medifast has been on the cutting edge in the development
of nutritional and weight-management products since the Company was founded. Medifast meals are individually portioned
 calorie-
and carbohydrate-controlled meal replacements that share a similar nutritional &ldquo;footprint&rdquo; and provide a balance of
protein and good carbohydrates
 including fiber.


products and programs to patients in their practice and utilize wholesale sales. Medifast Direct serves customers through the
Medifast website and call center with various online support tools
 along with access to registered dietitians. The Take Shape
For Life&reg; division offers the personal support of a Health Coach that is often a person who has achieved success with Take
Shape For Life&reg; and has turned their success into a business opportunity. Medifast Weight Control Centers offer a supervised
and structured model for customers who prefer more accountability and personalized counseling as part of the ongoing program.
Medifast weight management programs utilize meal replacements as part of a structured meal plan that clinical research has shown
to be effective for weight loss.




 Medifast continued to build and
leverage its core Medifast brand through multiple marketing strategies for each distinct distribution channel: Take Shape For
Life&reg;
 Medifast Direct
 Medifast Weight Control Centers
 and Medifast Wholesale. Customer acquisition and retention strategies
vary by distribution channel and may include digital marketing
 television advertising
 public relations
 social media
 email
marketing
 events
 and other means. These mediums were used to target new customers by stressing Medifast's and Take Shape For
Life&rsquo;s&reg; simple and effective approach to weight loss and management and long term health. Many of these programs were
also utilized to reactivate
 encourage and support existing customers and Health Coaches. Medifast and Take Shape For Life&reg;
continues to enhance all company materials and websites.




 Inc.
 the Company&rsquo;s
wholly-owned subsidiary
 manufactures and produces all Medifast powder-based products
 which is approximately 42% of Medifast&rsquo;s
product revenues
 in the manufacturing facility in Owings Mills
 Maryland. The Company purchased the plant in July 2002 and has
gradually increased production capacity and improved overall efficiencies with additional investments in blending and packaging
equipment. The remaining 58% of Medifast products are manufactured by third party vendors in accordance with Medifast proprietary
formulas and manufacturing standards. Our Owings Mills manufacturing facility is regulated and inspected by the United States
Food and Drug Administration (&ldquo;FDA&rdquo;)
 the United States Department of Agriculture (&ldquo;USDA&rdquo;) and the Maryland
State Department of Health and Mental Hygiene. It is certified as a Safe Quality Food Program (SQF) Level 2 facility compliant
with the Global Food Safety Initiative.




 processing
 packaging
labeling
 marketing
 advertising and selling of the Company's products is subject to regulation by federal
 state and local agencies.
Products must comply with the Federal Food Drug and Cosmetic Act
 the Food Safety Modernization Act
 the Federal Trade Commission
Act
 State Consumer Protection laws and several other federal
 state and local statutes and regulations applicable in localities
in which the company products are made or are sold.


departments are the major agencies whose regulatory mission is to assure that products are made using approved ingredients
 manufacturing
procedures and testing to ensure that safe quality products are delivered to consumers. The Federal Trade Commission (&ldquo;FTC&rdquo;)
has principal regulatory control over the Company&rsquo;s advertising and trade practices
 its enforcement powers are aimed at
protecting the consumer from being deceived by unfair marketing and trading practices.


over the Company&rsquo;s advertising. Historically
 the FTC has filed complaints against a number of commercial weight management
providers alleging violations of federal law in connection with the use of advertisements that featured testimonials and claims
for program success. In 2012
 Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
 entered into a consent decree
with the FTC regarding certain statements included in the advertising for the Company&rsquo;s weight-loss programs. The consent
decree requires us to comply with certain procedures and disclosures in connection with our advertisements of products and services.


    
    





 like other producers and
distributors of ingested products
 faces an inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that
 among other
things
 the use of its products results in injury. The Company maintains insurance against product liability claims with respect
to the products it manufactures. With respect to the retail and direct marketing distribution of products produced by others
the Company's principal form of insurance consists of arrangements with each of its suppliers of those products to name the Company
as beneficiary on each of such vendor's product liability insurance policies. The Company does not buy products from suppliers
who do not maintain such coverage.




 2015
 the Company&rsquo;s
subsidiaries employed 425 employees
 of whom 182 were engaged in manufacturing
 logistics
 and supply chain support
 and 243 in
marketing
 administrative
 call center and corporate support functions. None of the employees are subject to a collective bargaining
agreement with the Company. All employees are employed by Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.




developed software and are hosted at a co-location data center located in Baltimore
 Maryland. This data center is SSAE16 and
PCI-DSS compliant. This facility provides redundant network connections
 uninterruptible power supplies
 robust physical security
fire prevention controls
 and diesel generated power back up for the equipment on which our websites rely. Our servers and our
network are monitored 24 hours a day
 seven days a week.


to protect our confidential customer data
 including regularly scheduled penetration security tests on our websites. We also use
an industry leading network monitoring service for our Intrusion Detection Services solution along with Intrusion Prevention System
devices on our network&rsquo;s perimeter. When our customers place an order or access their account information
 we use secure
channels to encrypt and transmit information. Our security certificates encrypt all information entered before it is sent to our
servers. We have a secondary firewall layer of security between our customer facing websites and the databases which house their
information and we have deployed mitigation devices to protect against Distributed Denial of Service attacks. Customer data is
protected against unauthorized access. We have a redundant network across our organization which provides for inter-connectivity
and redundancy for our corporate locations.


scope
 we will continuously improve and upgrade our information systems and infrastructure while maintaining their reliability
and integrity.




marketed by the Company are sold primarily under its own trademarks and trade names. Ours policy is to protect our products and
programs through trademark registrations both in the U.S. and in significant international markets. The Company carefully monitors
trademark use and promotes enforcement of its trademarks in a manner that is designed to balance the cost of such protection against
obtaining the greatest value for the Company.




Crondall Lane
 Owings Mills
 Maryland 21117. Our telephone number at this office is (410) 581-8042. Our corporate website is located
at http://www.medifastnow.com. All periodic and current reports
 registration statements
 code of conduct and other material that
we are required to file with the SEC
 including our annual report on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports
on Form 8-K
 and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)
 are available free of charge through our investor relations page at http://www.medifastnow.com.
Such documents are available as soon as reasonably practicable after electronic filing of the material with the SEC. Our Internet
website and the information contained therein or connected thereto are not intended to be incorporated into this Annual Report.


materials field by the Company with the SEC at the SEC&rsquo;s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street
 NE
 Washington
 DC 20549.
The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC
maintains an Internet site
 www.sec.gov
 which contains reports
 proxy and information statements
 and other information regarding
issuers that file such information electronically with the SEC.




and Chief Financial Officer have filed their certifications as required by the SEC regarding the quality of the Company&rsquo;s
public disclosure for each of the periods ended during the Company&rsquo;s fiscal year ended December 31
 2015 and the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2015. Further
 the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer has
certified to the New York Stock Exchange (&ldquo;NYSE&rdquo;) that he is not aware of any violation by the Company of the NYSE
corporate governance listing standards
 as required by Section&nbsp;303A.12(a) of the NYSE listing standards.


    
    






    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
73
364
000
72
161
000
65
936
000
61
312
000

    
53
770
000
53
167
000
49
160
000
45
218
000

    
6
792
000
8
828
000
8
109
000
5
942
000

    
4
416
000
5
847
000
5
402
000
3
902
000

    
4
444
000
6
248
000
5
506
000
3
860
000

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
79
233
000
74
732
000
69
017
000
62
303
000

    
57
924
000
55
574
000
50
734
000
44
975
000

    
9
930
000
10
094
000
7
508
000
4
161
000

    
6
545
000
6
619
000
5
281
000
2
584
000

    
5
967
000
5
720
000
4
855
000
(3
361
000

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



to as &ldquo;EPS&rdquo;) is computed independently for each of the quarters presented; accordingly
 the sum of the quarterly earnings
per common share may not equal the total computed for the year.




carefully the following risks and uncertainties when reading this Report. If any of the events described below actually occurs
the Company's business
 financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected. You should understand
that it is not possible to predict or identify all such risks and uncertainties. Consequently
 you should not consider the following
to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties.



The success of
our Take Shape For Life&reg; business is dependent on our ability to maintain and grow our network of Health Coaches.


Shape For Life&reg; channel are generated by our independent contractor Health Coaches. The channel is subject to high turnover
and we depend on our network of Health Coaches to continually grow their businesses by attracting
 training and motivating new
Health Coaches. We consider our number of Health Coaches and revenue per Health Coach to be key indicators of our success in the
Take Shape For Life&reg; channel. For the quarter ended December 31
 2015
 the Company had 11
900 active Health Coaches and the
average revenue per Health Coach was $4
039. If we fail to provide the tools and competitive compensation necessary to promote
Health Coaches to grow their businesses
 we believe these key indicators will weaken and our revenue will decline.


of our network of Health Coaches is also subject to risk factors which may be outside of our control. These include:


Negative
                                         public perceptions of multi-level marketing;

General
                                         economic conditions;

Failure
                                         to develop innovative products to meet consumer demands

Adverse
                                         opinions of our products
 services
 or industry; and

Regulatory
                                         actions against our company
 competitors in our industry
 or other direct selling companies.

Our future growth
and profitability will depend in large part upon the effectiveness and efficiency of our marketing expenditures and our ability
to select effective markets and media in which to advertise.


depends on our ability to attract and retain customers
 which significantly depends on our marketing practices. In 2015
 2014
and 2013 our marketing expenditures were $15.3 million
 $17.0 million and $22.1 million
 respectively. Our future growth and profitability
will depend in large part upon the effectiveness and efficiency of our marketing expenditures
 including our ability to:


create
                                         greater awareness of our brand and our program;

identify
                                         the most effective and efficient levels of spending in each market
 media and specific
                                         media vehicle;


    
    



determine
                                         the appropriate creative messages and media mix for advertising
 marketing and promotional
                                         expenditures;

effectively
                                         manage marketing costs (including creative and media) in order to maintain acceptable
                                         customer acquisition costs;

acquire
                                         cost-effective television advertising;

select
                                         the most effective markets
 media and specific media vehicles in which to advertise;
                                         and

convert
                                         consumer inquiries into actual orders.


expenditures may not result in increased revenue or generate sufficient levels of brand name and program awareness. We may not
be able to manage our marketing expenditures on a cost-effective basis whereby our customer acquisition costs may exceed the contribution
profit generated from each additional customer.

Our sales may be adversely impacted
by the health and stability of the general economy.


are highly dependent on product sales and program fees. A downturn in general economic conditions
 such as a recession or prolonged
economic slowdown
 may reduce the demand for our products and otherwise adversely affect our sales. For example
 economic forces
including general economic conditions
 demographic trends
 consumer confidence in the economy
 changes in disposable consumer
income and/or reductions in discretionary spending
 may cause consumers to defer or decrease purchases of our products and programs
which could adversely affect our revenue
 gross margins
 and/or our overall financial condition and operating results.

We rely on third
parties to provide us with a majority of the products we sell and we manufacture the remaining portion. The inability to obtain
the necessary product from our third-party manufacturers or to produce products could cause our revenue
 earnings or reputation
to suffer.


manufacturers to supply approximately 58% of the food and other products we sell. If we are unable to obtain sufficient quantity
quality and variety of food and other products in a timely and low-cost manner from our manufacturers
 we will be unable to fulfill
our customers&rsquo; orders in a timely manner
 which may cause us to lose revenue and market share or incur higher costs
 as
well as damage the value of the Medifast brand.


 we are
dependent on maintaining good relationships with these manufacturers. The services we require from these parties may be disrupted
due to a number of factors associated with their businesses
 including the following:


labor
                                         disruptions;

delivery
                                         problems;

financial
                                         condition or results of operations;

internal
                                         inefficiencies;

equipment
                                         failure

severe
                                         weather;



nature
                                         or man-made disasters;

shortages
                                         of ingredients; and

USDA
                                         or FDA compliance issues.


42% of the food and other products we sell. As a result we are dependent upon the uninterrupted and efficient operation of our
sole manufacturing facility in Owings Mills
 Maryland. The operations at this facility may be disrupted by a number of factors
including the following:


labor
                                         disruptions;

power
                                         failures;

equipment
                                         failure;

internal
                                         inefficiencies;

severe
                                         weather;



nature
                                         or man-made disasters; and

USDA
                                         or FDA compliance issues.


that the occurrence of these or any other operation problems at our sole facility would not have a material adverse effect on
our business
 financial condition or results of operations.


    
    


We may be subject to claims that our
Health Coaches are unqualified to provide proper weight loss advice.


are independent contractors and
 accordingly
 we are not in a position to provide the same level of oversight as we would if Health
Coaches were our own employees. As a result
 there can be no assurance that our Health Coaches will comply with our policies and
procedures despite our internal compliance efforts. Additionally
 some of our Health Coaches do not have extensive training or
certification in nutrition
 diet or health fields and have only undergone the training they receive from us. We may be subject
to claims from our customers alleging that our Health Coaches lack the qualifications necessary to provide proper advice regarding
weight loss and related topics. We may also be subject to claims that our Health Coaching have provided inappropriate advice or
have inappropriately referred or failed to refer customers to health care providers for matters other than weight loss. Such claims
could result in lawsuits
 damage to our reputation and divert management's attention from our business
 which would adversely
affect our business.

We may be subject to health or advertising
related claims from our customers.


does not include medical treatment or medical advice
 and we do not engage physicians or nurses to monitor the progress of our
customers. Many people who are overweight suffer from other physical conditions
 and our target consumers could be considered
a high-risk population. A customer who experiences health problems could allege or bring a lawsuit against us on the basis that
those problems were caused or worsened by participating in our weight management program. Further
 customers who allege that they
were deceived by any statements that we made in advertising or labeling could bring a lawsuit against us under consumer protection
laws. Currently
 we are neither subject to any such allegations nor have we been named in any such litigation. If we were subject
to any such claims
 while we would defend ourselves against such claims
 we may ultimately be unsuccessful in our defense. Also
defending ourselves against such claims
 regardless of their merit and ultimate outcome
 would likely be lengthy and costly
 and
adversely affect our brand image
 customer loyalty and results of operations.

The weight management
industry is highly competitive. If any of our competitors or a new entrant into the market with significant resources pursues
a weight management program similar to ours
 our business could be significantly affected.


in the weight management industry and we must remain competitive in the areas of program efficacy
 price
 taste
 customer service
and brand recognition. Our competitors include companies selling pharmaceutical products and weight loss programs
 digital tools
and wearable trackers
 as well as a wide variety of diet foods and meal replacement bars and shakes
 appetite suppressants and
nutritional supplements. Some of our competitors are significantly larger than we are and have substantially greater resources.
Our business could be adversely affected if someone with significant resources decided to imitate our weight management program.
For example
 if a major supplier of pre-packaged foods decided to enter this market and made a substantial investment of resources
in advertising and training diet counselors
 our business could be significantly affected. Any increased competition from new
entrants into our industry or any increased success by existing competition could result in reductions in our sales or prices
or both
 which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

New weight loss products or services
may put us at a competitive disadvantage and our business may suffer.


industry is subject to changing consumer demands based
 in large part
 on the efficacy and popular appeal of weight management
programs. The popularity of weight management programs is dependent
 in part
 on their ease of use
 cost and channels of distribution
as well as consumer trends
 and
 on an ongoing basis
 many existing and potential providers of weight loss solutions
 including
many pharmaceutical firms with significantly greater financial and operating resources than we have
 are developing new products
and services. The creation of a weight loss solution
 such as a drug therapy
 that is perceived to be safe
 effective and &quot;easier&quot;
than a portion-controlled meal plan would put us at a disadvantage in the marketplace and our results of operations could be negatively
affected.

If we do not
continue to develop innovative new services and products or if our services and products do not continue to appeal to the market
or if we are unable to successfully expand into new channels of distribution or respond to consumer trends
 our business may suffer.


of consumers on more integrated lifestyle and fitness approaches rather than just food
 nutrition and diet could adversely impact
the popularity of our programs. Our future success depends on our ability to continue to develop and market new
 innovative services
and products and to enhance our existing services and products
 each on a timely basis to respond to new and evolving consumer
demands
 achieve market acceptance and keep pace with new nutritional
 weight management
 technological and other developments.
We may not be successful in developing
 introducing on a timely basis or marketing any new or enhanced services and products
and we cannot assure you that any new or enhanced services or products will appeal to the market. Our failure to develop new products
and services and to enhance our existing products and services
 and the failure of our products and services to continue to appeal
to the market could have an adverse impact on our ability to attract and retain customers and thus adversely affect our business
financial condition or results of operations.

We may be subject to litigation from
our competitors.


pursue litigation against us based on our advertising or other marketing practices regardless of merit and chances of success
especially if we engage in competitive advertising
 which includes advertising that directly or indirectly mentions a competitor
or a competitor's weight loss program in comparison to our program. While we would defend ourselves against any such claims
 our
defense may ultimately be unsuccessful. Also
 defending against such claims
 regardless of merit and ultimate outcome
 may be
lengthy and costly
 strain our resources and divert management's attention from their core responsibilities
 which would have
a negative impact on our business.


    
    


Our business is subject to online security
risks
 including security breaches and identity theft.


security could misappropriate proprietary or customer information or data or cause interruptions to the product offerings on our
website. As a result
 it may become necessary to expend significant additional amounts of capital and resources to protect against
or to alleviate
 problems caused by unauthorized users. These expenditures
 however
 may not prove to be a timely remedy against
unauthorized users who are able to penetrate our information security. In addition to purposeful security breaches
 the inadvertent
transmission of computer viruses could adversely affect our computer systems and
 in turn
 harm our business.


of states require that customers be notified if a security breach results in the disclosure of their personal financial account
or other information. Additional states and governmental entities are considering such &quot;notice&rdquo; laws. In addition
other public disclosure laws may require that material security breaches be reported. If we experience a security breach and .such
notice or public disclosure is required in the future
 our reputation and our business may be harmed.


of our business
 we collect and utilize proprietary and customer information and data. Privacy concerns among prospective and
existing customers regarding our use of such information or data collected on our website or through our services and products
such as weight management information
 financial data
 email addresses and home addresses
 could keep them from using our website
or purchasing our services or products. We currently face certain legal obligations regarding the manner in which we treat such
information and data. Businesses have been criticized by privacy groups and governmental bodies for their use and handling

and data. We rely on third-party software products to secure our credit card transactions. Although we have developed systems
and processes that are designed to protect consumer information and prevent fraudulent payment transactions and other security
breaches
 failure to prevent or mitigate such fraud or breaches or changes in industry standards or regulations may adversely
affect our business and operating results or cause us to lose our ability to accept credit cards as a form of payment and result
in chargebacks of the fraudulently charged amounts. Furthermore
 widespread credit card fraud may lessen our customers&rsquo;
willingness to purchase our products on our website.

Third parties
may infringe on our brand
 trademarks and other intellectual property rights
 which may have an adverse impact on our business.


on a combination of trademark and other intellectual property laws and confidentiality procedures to establish and protect our
proprietary rights
 including our brand. Because our business relies heavily on a direct-to-consumer business model
 our brand
is an important element of our business strategy. If we fail to successfully enforce our intellectual property rights
 the value
of our brand
 services and products could be diminished and our business may suffer. Additionally
 failure to protect our intellectual
property could result in the entry of a competitor to the market. Our precautions may not prevent misappropriation of our intellectual
property. Any legal action that we may bring to protect our brand and other intellectual property could be unsuccessful and expensive
and could divert management&rsquo;s attention from other business concerns. In addition
 legal standards relating to the validity
enforceability and scope of protection of intellectual property
 especially in Internet-related businesses
 are uncertain and
evolving. We cannot assure you that these evolving legal standards will sufficiently protect our intellectual property rights
in the future.

We may in the future be subject to
intellectual property rights claims.


in the future make claims against us alleging infringement of their intellectual property rights. Any intellectual property claims
regardless of merit
 could be time-consuming and expensive to litigate or settle and could significantly divert management&rsquo;s
attention from other business concerns. In addition
 if we were unable to successfully defend against such claims
 we may have
to pay damages
 stop selling the service or product or stop using the software
 technology or content found to be in violation
of a third party&rsquo;s rights
 seek a license for the infringing service
 product
 software
 technology or content or develop
alternative non-infringing services
 products
 software
 technology or content. If we cannot license on reasonable terms
 develop
alternatives or stop using the service
 product
 software
 technology or content for any infringing aspects of our business
 we
may be forced to limit our service and product offerings. Any of these results could reduce our revenue and our ability to compete
effectively
 increase our costs or harm our business.

We may not be
able to successfully implement new strategic initiatives
 which could adversely impact our business.


evaluating changing consumer preferences and the competitive environment of our industry and seeking out opportunities to improve
our performance through the implementation of selected strategic initiatives. The goal of these efforts is to develop and implement
a comprehensive and competitive business strategy which addresses the continuing changes in the weight management industry environment
and our position within the industry. For example
 as the healthcare industry continues to evolve its response to the obesity
epidemic so do the requirements
 both regulatory and business
 for providers. If we do not successfully meet these requirements
we may not be perceived as an appropriate partner for certain purposes. We may not be able to successfully implement our strategic
initiatives and realize the intended business opportunities
 growth prospects
 including new business channels
 and competitive
advantages. Our efforts to capitalize on business opportunities may not bring the intended results. Assumptions underlying expected
financial results or consumer demand may not be met or economic conditions may deteriorate. We also may be unable to attract and
retain highly qualified and skilled personnel to implement our strategic initiatives. If these or other factors limit our ability
to successfully execute our strategic initiatives
 our business activities
 financial condition and results of operations may
be adversely affected.


    
    


The sale of our
products in markets outside of the United States may subject us to risks.


into certain arrangements for the sale of our products in international markets and we plan to expand our international sales
marketing and distribution activities on our own and through arrangements with partners located in other countries. The sale
marketing and distribution of our products and programs in such locations is subject to a number of uncertainties
 including
but not limited to
 the following:


Economic
                                         and political instability;

Import
                                         or export licensing requirements;

Trade
                                         restrictions;

Product
                                         registration requirements;

Longer
                                         payment cycles;

Changes
                                         in regulatory requirements and tariffs;

Potentially
                                         adverse tax consequences; and

Potentially
                                         weak protection of intellectual property rights.

We are dependent on our key executive
officers for future success. If we lose the services of any of our key executive officers and we are unable to timely retain a
qualified replacement
 our business could be harmed.


depends to a significant degree on the skills
 experience and efforts of our key executive officers. The loss of the services
of any of these individuals could harm our business. We have not obtained life insurance on any key executive officers. If any
key executive officers left us or were seriously injured and became unable to work
 our business could be harmed.

Provisions in our
certificate of incorporation may deter or delay an acquisition of us or prevent a change in control
 even if an acquisition or
a change of control would be beneficial to our stockholders.


certificate of incorporation (as amended) may have the effect of deterring unsolicited takeovers or delaying or preventing a third
party from acquiring control of us
 even if our stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares over then current
market prices. In addition
 these provisions may limit the ability of stockholders to approve transactions that they may deem
to be in their best interests.


incorporation (as amended) permits our Board of Directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval upon such terms
as the Board of Directors may determine. The rights of the holders of our common stock will be junior to
 and may be adversely
affected by
 the rights of the holders of any preferred stock that may be issued in the future. The issuance of preferred stock
could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire
 or discouraging a third party from acquiring
a majority of our outstanding common stock. The issuance of a substantial number of preferred shares could adversely affect the
price of our common stock.



Changes in consumer preferences could
negatively impact our operating results.


pre-packaged food selections
 which we believe offer convenience and value to our customers. Our continued success depends
 to
a large degree
 upon the continued popularity of our program versus various other weight loss
 weight management and fitness regimens
such as low carbohydrate diets
 appetite suppressants and diets featured in the published media. Changes in consumer tastes and
preferences away from our pre-packaged food and support and counseling services
 and any failure to provide innovative responses
to these changes
 may have a materially adverse impact on our business
 financial condition
 operating results
 cash flows and
prospects. Our success is also dependent on our food innovation including maintaining a robust array of food items and improving
the quality of existing items. If we do not continually expand our food items or provide customers with items that are desirable
in taste and quality
 our business could be harmed.

The weight loss industry is subject
to adverse publicity
 which could harm our business.


receives adverse publicity from time to time
 and the occurrence of such publicity could harm us
 even if the adverse publicity
is not directly related to us. Congressional hearings about practices in the weight loss industry have also resulted in adverse
publicity and a consequent decline in the revenue of weight loss businesses. Future research reports or publicity that is perceived
as unfavorable or that question certain weight loss programs
 products or methods could result in a decline in our revenue. Because
of our dependence on consumer perceptions
 adverse publicity associated with illness or other undesirable effects resulting from
the consumption of our products or similar products by competitors
 whether or not accurate
 could also damage customer confidence
in our weight loss program and result in a decline in revenue. Adverse publicity could arise even if the unfavorable effects associated
with weight loss products or services resulted from the user&rsquo;s failure to use such products or services appropriately.

Our industry is subject to governmental
regulation that could increase in severity and hurt results of operations.


to federal
 state and other governmental regulation. Certain federal and state agencies
 such as the Federal Trade Commission
(the &quot;FTC&quot;)
 regulate and enforce laws relating to advertising
 disclosures to consumers
 privacy
 consumer pricing
and billing arrangements and other consumer protection matters. A determination by a federal or state agency
 or a court
 that
any of our practices do not meet existing or new laws or regulations could result in liability
 adverse publicity
 and restrictions
of our business operations. Some advertising practices in the weight loss industry have led to investigations from time to time
by the FTC and other governmental agencies. Many companies in the weight loss industry
 including our predecessor businesses
have entered into consent decrees with the FTC relating to weight loss claims and other advertising practices. In October 2009
the FTC published its revised Guides concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising which now requires us
to use a statement as to what the typical weight loss customers can expect to achieve on our program when using a customer's weight
loss testimonial in advertising. Federal and state regulation of advertising practices generally
 and in the weight loss industry
in particular
 may increase in scope or severity in the future
 which could have a material adverse impact on our business.


    
    



industry are also subject to government regulation. For example
 the labeling and distribution of food products
 including dietary
supplements
 are subject to strict USDA and FDA requirements and food manufacturers are subject to rigorous inspection and other
requirements of the USDA and FDA
 and companies operating in foreign markets must comply with those countries' requirements for
proper labeling
 controls on hygiene
 food preparation and other matters. If federal
 state
 local or foreign regulation of our
industry increases for any reason
 then we may be required to incur significant expenses
 as well as modify our operations to
comply with new regulatory requirements
 which could harm our operating results. Additionally
 remedies available in any potential
administrative or regulatory actions may include product recalls and requiring us to refund amounts paid by all affected customers
or pays other damages
 which could be substantial.


directly applicable to communications
 operations or commerce over the Internet such as those governing intellectual property
privacy
 libel and taxation
 are more prevalent and remain unsettled. If we are required to comply with new laws or regulations
or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations
 or if we are unable to comply with these laws
 regulations or interpretations
our business could be adversely affected.


including laws or regulations affecting our marketing and advertising practices
 relations with consumers
 employees
 service
providers
 or our services and products
 may have an adverse impact on us.

The manufacture and sale of ingested
products involves product liability and other risks.


of products that are ingested
 we face an inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims if the use of our products results
in illness or injury. The foods and products that we manufacture and sell in the U.S. are subject to laws and regulations
 including
those administered by the USDA and FDA that establish manufacturing practices and quality standards for food products. Product
liability claims could have a material adverse effect on our business as existing insurance coverage may not be adequate. Distributors
of weight loss food products
 including dietary supplements
 have been named as defendants in product liability lawsuits from
time to time. The successful assertion or settlement of an uninsured claim
 a significant number of insured claims or a claim
exceeding the limits of our insurance coverage would harm us by adding costs to the business and by diverting the attention of
senior management from the operation of the business. We may also be subject to claims that our products contain contaminants
are improperly labeled; include inadequate instructions as to use or inadequate warnings covering interactions with other substances.
Additionally
 the manufacture and sale of these products involves the risk of injury to consumers due to tampering by unauthorized
third parties or product contamination. To date
 we have not been a party to any product liability litigation and we are not aware
of any instance in which any of our products have been defective in any way that could give rise to product liability claims.
Product liability litigation
 even if not meritorious
 is very expensive and could also entail adverse publicity for us and reduce
our revenue. Any negative publicity associated with these actions would adversely affect our brand and may result in decreased
product sales and
 as a result
 lower revenue and profits.








 Maryland
 the Company
owns a 49
000 square-foot manufacturing facility and leases two buildings which serve as corporate headquarters which are set
to expire on August 31
 2016 and October 31
 2017. The Company owns a 119
000 square-foot distribution facility in Ridgley
 Maryland
and leases a second distribution center in Dallas
 Texas which includes a call center. This lease is set to expire on March 31
2018. Both distribution facilities give the Company adequate product distribution capacity for the foreseeable future. The Company
owned a 3
000 square-foot conference and training facility in Ocean City
 Maryland that was sold in February 2016. The Company
leases a raw materials warehouse in Arbutus
 Maryland that expires in May 2018. The Company also has 41 leases for what were its
corporate owned Medifast Weight Control Centers. The 41 leases include 3 agreements for Centers that were closed in December 2013
and 7 agreements for Centers that were closed in December 2014 that the Company is in the process of negotiating lease terminations
or sublease arrangements
 if possible. The remaining 31 agreements are for Centers that were sold to franchise partners during
2014 and the Company entered into sublease agreements with the franchisees. All corporate leases range in terms from one to ten
years.




and Development Agreements with Team Wellness
 Inc. and Team Wellness Louisiana
 LLC for the operation of Medifast Centers in
the States of Alabama
 Tennessee
 and Louisiana. The primary owner and representative of the Team Wellness companies personally
guaranteed the companies&rsquo; obligations.&nbsp;


 Inc. failed to make payments
required under the terms of a Loan Agreement that Team Wellness
 Inc. had entered into with Bank of America and for which Medifast
provided a limited guarantee. As a result
 Medifast served Team Wellness
 Inc. with a Notice of Default and Opportunity to Cure.
After Team Wellness
 Inc. failed to cure and pay the outstanding amounts
 and was otherwise in default under the Franchise and
Development Agreements
 Medifast served Team Wellness
 Inc. with a Notice of Termination. In addition
 Medifast terminated Team
Wellness Louisiana LLC&rsquo;s franchises
 alleging that Team Wellness Louisiana LLC and its guarantor never disclosed to Medifast
that RMS Management LLC was an owner of Team Wellness Louisiana LLC but rather represented to Medifast that the guarantor was
the sole owner.&nbsp;&nbsp;


    
    



failed to pay the monies owed or comply with their post-termination obligations
 Medifast filed a lawsuit on November 21
 2014
against the primary guarantor and the companies in the United States District Court for the District of Maryland (Medifast Franchise
Systems
 Inc. v. Team Wellness
 Inc.
 et al.
 No. 14-03668 (D. Md.) for breach of contract (nonpayment) and fraud (relating to
Medifast&rsquo;s allegation that Team Wellness LLC and its guarantor failed to disclose that RMS Management LLC was an owner of
Team Wellness Louisiana LLC). The complaint seeks damages
 enforcement of the termination of the Franchise and Development Agreements
and an injunction ordering the defendants to comply with their post-termination obligations under the Franchise and Development
Agreements. Medifast moved for a default judgment against the companies after they failed to answer the complaint. The court granted
the motion on June 24
 2015. The Court&rsquo;s Order requires the companies to pay $2
100
927.53 million to Medifast
 which includes
the following: outstanding royalties and receivables on food purchases in the amount of $141
239.89
 reimbursement for loan payments
in the amount of $1
892
834.44
 and interest and fees on those loan payments in the amount of $66
853.20. In addition
 the court
awarded Medifast its attorneys&rsquo; fees and costs in the amount of $45
231.05. The Court&rsquo;s Order also requires the companies
to abide by their post-termination obligations under the Franchise Agreements
 including that they cease using Medifast&rsquo;s
confidential information. The case against the primary guarantor remains ongoing. Medifast recently filed for summary judgment
against the guarantor for nonpayment and fraud &ndash; the remaining counts in the complaint on February 2
 2016. The guarantor
filed a motion for summary judgment on the fraud claim and on February 2
 2016. Those motions are currently pending before the
court.


16 weight loss control Centers to franchisee TransformU
 LLC (&ldquo;TransformU&rdquo;) in Virginia and Maryland in May and December
2014. In connection with those transactions
 Jason Properties
 LLC (&ldquo;Jason Properties&rdquo;) assigned certain real estate
leases and other liabilities in connection with the Centers
 which were assumed by TransformU and guaranteed by TransformU&rsquo;s
principals
 Ronald M. Fields
 Jr. and James Smith. TransformU ceased operating the Centers
 ceased paying fees pursuant to the
governing franchise agreements
 and ceased paying rent under the operative leases prior to the expiration of the lease terms.


 2016
 Medifast and Jason
Properties filed suit against TransformU
 Mr. Fields
 and Mr. Smith in the United States District Court for the Eastern District

 LLC
 et al. v. TransformU
 
 Case No. 1:16-cv-35 AHH/JFA
alleging that TransformU and Messrs. Fields and Smith defaulted on their obligations pursuant to the above-mentioned agreements
and seeking in excess of $650
000 in damages. The action was dismissed with prejudice on February 5
 2016 by joint stipulation
in accordance with the terms of a settlement agreement reached between the parties.


 the
Company is
 from time to time
 subject to a variety of litigation and similar proceedings incidental to its business.&nbsp;&nbsp;
Based upon the Company&rsquo;s experience
 current information and applicable law
 it does not believe that these proceedings
and claims will have a material adverse effect .on its results of operations
 financial position or liquidity.






    
    




ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S
COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES


New York Stock Exchange (&ldquo;NYSE&rdquo;) under the symbol MED. The following table sets forth the low and high closing prices
for the Company&rsquo;s common stock as reported by the NYSE by fiscal quarters for 2015 and 2014:



    
    

    
    
    


 2015
    
    

    
 2015
    
    

    
 2015
    
    

    
 2015
    
    




    
    

    
    
    


 2013
    
    

    
 2013
    
    

    
 2013
    
    

    
 2013
    
    





of the Company&rsquo;s common stock as of March 1
 2016. This number does not include beneficial owners of our securities held
in the name of nominees.




 the
Company had not declared or paid any dividend since inception. On December 16
 2015
 the Company&rsquo;s board of directors declared
a dividend of $0.25 per share to stockholders of record as of the close of business on December 28
 2015. Subsequent to December
31
 2015
 the Company&rsquo;s board of directors declared a dividend of $0.25 per share to stockholders of record as of the close
of business on March 21
 2016
 payable on May 10
 2015. The declaration and payment of dividends in the future will be determined
by the Company&rsquo;s board of directors in light of conditions then existing
 including the Company&rsquo;s earnings
 financial
condition
 capital requirements and other factors. See &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations- Liquidity and Capital Resources.&rdquo;

Securities Authorized for Issuance
Under Equity Compensation Plans


Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans&rdquo; will be filed in the Company&rsquo;s definitive proxy statement
for the 2015 annual meeting of stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference.




31
 2015
 there were 847
567 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock eligible for repurchase under the repurchase authorization
dated September 16
 2014.


quarter of 2015; however throughout the year 40
368 shares of common stock
 at an average purchase price of $31.89
 were surrendered
by employees to the Company during 2015 for the payment of the minimum tax liability withholding obligations upon the vesting
of shares of restricted stock.


    
    




cumulative total stockholder return (Common Stock price appreciation plus dividends
 on a reinvested basis) over the last five
fiscal years with the Standard &amp; Poor&rsquo;s S&amp;P 500 Index and the Company&rsquo;s selected peer group
 including NutriSystem
Inc.
 Herbalife Ltd.
 USANA Health Sciences
 and Weight Watchers International
 Inc.








    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 Inc.
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    


ITEM 6. SELECTED
FINANCIAL DATA


condensed consolidated financial data set forth below should be read in conjunction with &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&rdquo; included in Part&nbsp;II
 Item&nbsp;7 of this Report
 and
the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto of the Company included in Part&nbsp;II
 Item&nbsp;8 of this Report. The
historical results provided below are not necessarily indicative of future results.



    
    
    
    
    
    


 except per share data)
    
    
    
    
    

    
272
773
285
285
324
054
318
571
272
467

    
28
684
30
246
38
410
27
140
33
768

    
29
671
31
693
39
043
28
356
34
067

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
117
326
115
910
132
650
130
251
105
665

    
    
    
    
    
1
426

    
    
    
    
3
809
4
251

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
11
959
12
670
13
774
13
722
13
965

    
12
071
12
778
13
818
13
740
14
198


ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

Critical Accounting
Policies and Estimates


are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;). Our significant accounting
policies are described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.


statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 the
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenue and
expenses during the reporting period. Management develops
 and changes periodically
 these estimates and assumptions based on
historical experience and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results
may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Management considers the following accounting policies
to be the most critical in preparing our consolidated financial statements. These critical accounting policies have been discussed
with our Audit Committee
 as appropriate.

 Revenue is
recognized net of discounts
 rebates
 promotional adjustments
 price adjustments
 and estimated returns and upon transfer of title
and risk to the customer which occurs at shipping (F.O.B. terms). Upon shipment
 the Company has no further performance obligations
and collection is reasonably assured as the majority of sales are paid for prior to shipping. Medifast Weight Control Centers&rsquo;
program fees were recognized over the estimated service period.

Impairment of Fixed Assets and Long-Lived
Assets:
the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. Judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based
on legal factors
 market conditions and our operating performance. Future events could cause us to conclude that impairment indicators
exist and the carrying values of fixed and intangible assets may be impaired. Any resulting impairment loss would be limited to
the value of net fixed and intangible assets.

 The benefit of a
tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management
believes it is more-likely-than-not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals
or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet
the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent
likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax
positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above is reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits
in the accompanying balance sheet along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities
upon examination.


    
    



that we did not have any material uncertain tax positions. Our policy is to recognize interest and penalties accrued on uncertain
tax positions as part of income tax expense. For the twelve months ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 no material estimated interest
or penalties were recognized for the uncertainty of certain tax positions. We file income tax returns in the United States
 Canada
and various states jurisdictions. We are currently under audit by the IRS for 2010
 but do not anticipate it to have a significant
impact on previously reported results as well as benefits realized under our current tax structure. Other than 2010
 we are no
longer subject to U.S. federal
 state
 and local income tax examinations by tax authorities for the years before 2012.

 We review
the reserves for customer returns at each reporting period and adjust them to reflect data available at that time. To estimate
reserves for returns
 we consider actual return rates in preceding periods. To the extent the estimate of returns changes
 we
will adjust the reserve
 which will impact the amount of product sales revenue recognized in the period of the adjustment. Our
estimates for returns have not differed materially from our actual returns. The provision for estimated returns as of December
31
 2015 and 2014 were $323
000 and $290
000
 respectively.

 Medifast leases
retail stores
 distribution facilities
 and office space under operating leases. Many lease agreements contain tenant improvement
allowances
 rent holidays
 rent escalation clauses and contingent rent provisions. The Company recognizes incentives and minimum
rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases. We commence recording rent expense on the date of initial
possession
 which is generally when we enter the space and begin to make improvements to properties for our intended use. For
tenant improvement allowances and rent holidays
 we record a deferred rent liability on the consolidated balance sheets and amortize
the deferred rent over the terms of the leases as reductions to rent expense on the consolidated statements of income.


during the lease terms or for rental payments commencing at a date other than the date of initial occupancy
 we record minimum
rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases on the consolidated statements of income. Several leases
provide for contingent rents
 which are determined as a percentage of gross sales in excess of specified levels. We record a contingent
rent liability on the consolidated balance sheets and the corresponding rent expense when we determine achieving specified levels
is probable.




distribution
 and sale of weight loss
 weight management
 and healthy living products and other consumable health and diet products.
The Company&rsquo;s product lines include weight loss
 weight management
 and healthy living meal replacements
 snacks
 hydration
products and vitamins. Our product sales accounted for 97% of our revenues in 2015 and 98% of our revenues in 2014.


operating and financial metrics to manage our business
 including revenue to advertising spend
 number of active Health Coaches
and average monthly revenue generated per Health Coach in the Take Shape For Life&reg; channel.


 the Company exited the MWCC corporate
center model with the sale of 41 Centers to existing franchise partners and the closure of the remaining 34 corporate Centers.
The assets
 liabilities
 operating results
 and cash flows of the MWCC corporate center channel have been presented separately
as discontinued operations in the consolidated financial statements for all periods presented.


    
    



2015 COMPARISON
WITH 2014

Overview of the Twelve Months Ended
December 31
 2015 Compared to the Twelve Months Ended December 31
 2014



    



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
272
773
000
285
285
000
(12
512
000
    

    
71
458
000
76
078
000
(4
620
000
    

    
201
315
000
209
207
000
(7
892
000
    

    
    
    
    
    


 general
 and administrative costs
172
631
000
178
961
000
(6
330
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
28
684
000
30
246
000
(1
562
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 net
661
000
716
000
(55
000
    

    
326
000
731
000
(405
000
    

    
987
000
1
447
000
(460
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
29
671
000
31
693
000
(2
022
000
    

    
10
104
000
10
664
000
(560
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
19
567
000
21
029
000
(1
462
000
    


 net of tax
491
000
(7
848
000
8
339
000
    

    
20
058
000
13
181
000
6
877
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 general
 and administrative costs
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 Revenue decreased to $272.8
million in 2015 compared to $285.3 million in 2014
 a decrease of $12.5 million. The Take Shape For Life&reg; sales channel accounted
for 74.1%
 the Medifast Direct channel accounted for 17.8%
 the Franchise Medifast Weight Control Centers channel accounted for
6.3%
 and the Medifast Wholesale channel accounted for 1.8% of total revenue. The year to date revenue to spend ratio for continuing
operations for 2015 was 17.9-to-1 compared to 16.8-to-1 for 2014. Total advertising spend
 inclusive of broker fees
 for continuing
operations was $15.3 million in 2015 compared to $17.0 million in 2014.


2% to $202.2 million in 2015 compared with $206.7 million in 2014.&nbsp; The decline in revenue for Take Shape For Life&reg; was
caused by the Company having less active Health Coaches and clients coming out of 2014 as compared to 2013
 driving down revenues
in the first three quarters of 2015.&nbsp; This impact was partially offset by a price increase in the first quarter of 2015.&nbsp;


 the Company defined active Health
Coaches as Health Coaches earning income from a product sale in the last month of the quarter. However
 in order to provide a
more accurate depiction of the number of Health Coaches contributing to Take Shape For Life revenues
 the Company began reporting
a new active Health Coach count and average revenue per active Health Coach in the first quarter of 2015. The number of active
Health Coaches is now reported as the number of earning coaches each quarter instead of the number of earning Health Coaches in
the last month of the quarter. The average revenue per Health Coach will now be calculated on a quarterly basis instead of an
average month within the quarter. These new quarterly measurements provide a more consistent metric for quarterly comparison.
The number of active Health Coaches and quarterly revenue per Health Coach rebounded in the quarter ended December 31
 2015
 in
which the number of active Health Coaches increased to 11
900 compared with 11
700 for the quarter ended December 31
 2014
 an
increase of 2%.&nbsp; For the same period
 the average quarterly revenue per Health Coach increased to $4
039 in 2015 from $3
896
in 2014.


    
    



prior period are as follows:



    
    
 Coaches
    
 Health Coaches
    
    

    
11
700
9
300
3
896
1
401



15% to $48.7 million in 2015 as compared with $57.2 million in 2014
 a decrease of $8.5 million. Revenues in this channel are
driven primarily by targeted customer marketing and advertising. Sales were down in comparison to 2014 as new customer acquisition
continues to be challenging. To optimize profitability
 we decreased our advertising spend in 2015 by 10.1% in comparison to 2014.


channel revenue increased 11% year-over-year
 with revenue of $17.1 million in 2015 compared to $15.4 million in 2014. Sixty-one
franchise centers were in operation as of December 31
 2015
 as compared to 73 Centers as of December 31
 2014. Twelve Centers
were closed during the year
 including 10 corporate centers that were transitioned to the franchise model in June of 2014. The
increase in revenue was the result of sales derived from corporate centers that were transitioned to the franchise model in June
2014 and December 2014
 partially offset by decreased sales per Center and the closure of two Centers opened greater than a year.


or $1.2 million
 to $4.8 for the year ended December 31
 2015 compared to $6.0 million for the year ended December 31
 2014. The
decrease was due to the loss of certain accounts resulting from Medifast&rsquo;s enforcement of business partner compliance distribution
requirements.

: Cost of sales decreased
$4.6 million in 2015 to $71.5 million as compared to $76.1 million in 2014
 primarily due to decreased sales volumes. As a percentage
of sales
 gross margin increased to 73.8% in 2015 from $73.3% in 2014. The gross margin improvement was primarily driven by price
increases and shipping efficiencies recognized during the year.

Selling
 General and Administrative
Costs
 general and administrative expenses decreased by $6.3 million compared to 2014. As a percentage of sales
selling
 general and administrative expenses increased to 63.3% versus 62.7% in 2014. Selling general and administrative costs
include $2.1 million and $2.6 million for 2015 and 2014
 respectively
 of extraordinary legal expenses resulting from certain
Schedule 13D filings. Fiscal year 2014 also includes a $2.0 million accrual for a franchise loan default guaranteed by Medifast.
Excluding these items
 selling
 general
 and administrative expense decreased $3.8 million. Adjusted selling
 general
 and administrative
expenses as a percentage of sales increased to 62.5% of sales in 2015 as compared to 61.1% in 2014.


which is variable based upon product sales
 decreased by approximately $2.1 million
 or 2.5%
 which is in line with the 2% decrease
in revenue year-over-year. Health Coaches are compensated on product sales referred to the Company. Health Coaches can earn compensation
under the Integrated Compensation Plan in two ways:


Commissions:
                                         The primary way a Health Coach is compensated is through earning commissions on product
                                         sold to their clients. Health Coaches earn commissions by selling products through their
                                         own replicated website or through the Company&rsquo;s in-house call center. The clients
                                         of Health Coaches are responsible for ordering and paying for products
 and their order
                                         is shipped directly from the Company to the client&rsquo;s home or designated address.
                                         Our Health Coaches do not handle payments and are not required to purchase or store products
                                         in order to receive a commission. In addition
 Health Coaches do not receive a commission
                                         on their own personal product orders. Health Coaches pay the same price for products
                                         as their clients. The Company pays retail commissions to qualified Health Coaches on
                                         a weekly basis.

Bonuses:
                                         Health Coaches are offered several bonus opportunities for acquiring clients
 sponsoring
                                         Health Coaches and helping them to build their business
 and sponsoring Health Coaches
                                         who become higher ranking leaders. The purposes of these bonuses are to reward Health
                                         Coaches for successfully growing and supporting their clients and to incentivize Health
                                         Coaches to further support and develop other Health Coaches within their team.


or bonus when they recruit a new Health Coach into the Take Shape For Life&reg; network. Fees paid by new Health Coaches for start-up
materials are at the Company&rsquo;s approximate cost.


$0.6 million in 2015 as compared to 2014. The year-over-year increase was driven by higher bonus expenses and medical costs
 partially
offset by a reduction in salaries and benefits resulting from lower headcount and a decrease in stock compensation expense.


by $1.3 million in 2015 as compared to the prior year as a result of lower advertising spend and a decrease in expenses associated
with the Take Shape For Life&reg; annual convention. Total advertising spend was $15.3 million in 2015 versus $17.0 million in
2014. The decrease in spending was offset by an increase in production costs for the Medifast commercials that aired in the first
quarter of 2015 and an increase in the Company&rsquo;s research and development costs related to an ongoing study.


in 2015 as compared to 2014. Included in 2014
 was the recording of a $2.0 million default of a franchise loan agreement. Excluding
this
 the year-over-year change would have been $0.2 million and was driven by a decrease in legal expenses. The decrease in legal
fees is largely due to the settlement agreement with Engaged Capital
 LLC that was reached during the first quarter
 limiting
the extraordinary legal fees incurred during 2015. These savings were partially offset by an increase in accounting expenses and
costs associated with retaining GKV as the Company&rsquo;s marketing and advertising agency.


    
    



for the year ended December 31
 2015 compared to the year ended December 31
 2014. The improvement was due to a decrease in depreciation
expense and a reduction in credit card fees due to reduced revenues. These improvements were partially offset by an increase in
licenses and fees.

In 2015
 the
Company recorded $10.1 million in income tax expense
 an effective tax rate of 34.1%. In 2014
 the Company recorded 10.7 million
in income tax expense
 an effective tax rate of 33.6%. The increase in the effective tax rate in 2015 over 2014 was the result
of benefits realized in 2014 from research and development credits that were retroactive to 2010. The Company anticipates a tax
rate of approximately 33 &ndash; 34% in 2016.

Income from continuing operations:

 a decrease of $1.4 million.
Pre-tax profit as a percent of sales decreased to 10.9% for the year ended December 31
 2015 compared to 11.1% for the year ended
December 31
 2014. The year to date decrease in income is a result of the reduced sales offset by the Company&rsquo;s efforts
to manage expenses. Excluding the extraordinary legal expenses in 2015 and 2014 and the accrued franchise loan obligation in 2014
income from continuing operations would have been $20.9 million
 or $1.73 per share
 for the year ended December 31
 2015 and
$24.1 million
 or $1.89 per share
 for the year ended December 31
 2014.

Loss from discontinued operations:

 the Company exited the MWCC corporate center model with the sale of 41 Centers to existing franchise partners and
the closure of the remaining 34 corporate centers. The Company had $0.5 million in income from discontinued operations in 2015
compared to a $7.8 loss from discontinued operations in 2014. The income generated in 2015 was primarily the result of the settlement
of lease agreements offset by incremental closure costs incurred during the year.

 Net income was $20.1
million in 2015 compared to $13.2 million in 2014. The year-over-year change was driven by the factors described above in the
explanations for income from continuing operations and loss from discontinued operations.


    
    





Overview of the Twelve Months Ended
December 31
 2014 Compared to Twelve Months Ended December 31
 2013




    



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
285
285
000
324
054
000
(38
769
000
    

    
76
078
000
83
488
000
(7
410
000
    

    
209
207
000
240
566
000
(31
359
000
    

    
    
    
    
    


 general
 and administrative costs
178
961
000
202
156
000
(23
195
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
30
246
000
38
410
000
(8
164
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 net
716
000
509
000
207
000
    

    
731
000
124
000
607
000
    

    
1
447
000
633
000
814
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
31
693
000
39
043
000
(7
350
000
    

    
10
664
000
11
908
000
(1
244
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
21
029
000
27
135
000
(6
106
000
    


 net of tax
(7
848
000
(3
166
000
(4
682
000
    

    
13
181
000
23
969
000
(10
788
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 general
 and administrative costs
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 Revenue decreased to $285.3
million in 2014 compared to $324.1 million in 2013
 a decrease of $38.8 million. The Take Shape For Life&reg; sales channel accounted
for 72.5%
 the Medifast Direct channel accounted for 20.0%
 the Franchise Medifast Weight Control Centers channel accounted for
5.4%
 and the Medifast Wholesale channel accounted for 2.1% of total revenue. The year to date revenue to spend ratio for continuing
operations for 2014 was 16.8-to-1 compared to 14.7-to-1 for 2013. Total advertising spend
 inclusive of broker fees
 for continuing
operations was $17.0 million in 2014 compared to $22.1 million in 2013.


10% to $206.7 million in 2014 compared with $228.7 million in 2013. The decrease in revenue for Take Shape For Life&reg; was driven
by a decrease in the number of active Health Coaches and revenue per Health Coach along with the accrued impact from the creation
of the new BeSlim Club loyalty program. Utilizing the new quarterly metrics
 the number of active Health Coaches at the end of
2014 decreased to 11
700 compared with 12
800 during the period a year ago
 a decrease of 11%. The average revenue per Health
Coach per quarter decreased to $3
896 in 2014 from $4
047 in 2013. Approximately half of the decrease of the Health Coach count
was due to having less pay periods used in the calculation versus the number of pay periods used in the prior year.


 the Company redefied
the active Health Coach and revenue per active Health Coach metrics in the first quarter of 2015. The new and historical metrics
for the two periods presented are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
11
700
9
300
3
896
1
401

    
12
800
10
500
4
047
1
477



24% to $57.2 million as compared with $75.5 million in 2013
 a decrease of $18.3 million. Revenues in this channel are primarily
driven by targeted customer advertising on-line
 across local radio
 via email and direct mail campaigns
 and by highlighting
customer successes in large national publications and on television. The Company experienced lower marketing efficiencies and
new customer acquisition during the year; and therefore
 reduced marketing spending to optimize profitability. The Company&rsquo;s
decision to reduce spending impacted the year-over-year revenue for the channel. As compared to 2013
 the Company increased fourth
quarter spending in an effort to drive 2015 sales.


    
    



channel revenue increased 1% year-over-year
 with revenue of $15.4 million in 2014 compared to $15.3 million in 2013. There were
73 franchise centers in operation as of December 31
 2014
 including 19 corporate centers that were transitioned in June 2014
and 17 corporate centers that were transitioned in December 2014. There were 17 franchise centers that closed during 2014
 including
5 Centers transitioned to the franchise model in June 2014 and 7 Centers opened during 2014. There were 41 franchise centers in
operation as of December 31
 2013. The increase in revenue was driven by the conversion of corporate centers over to Franchise
Centers offset by franchise center closures as well as a decrease in sales of franchise centers open greater than one year.


or $1.4 million
 to $6.0 for the year ended December 31
 2014 compared to $4.6 million for the year ended December 31
 2013. The
increase was driven by a reallocation of internal sales resources to improve revenue in the channel for both domestic and international
customers.

 Cost of sales decreased
$7.4 million in 2014 to $76.1 million as compared to $83.5 million in 2013. As a percentage of sales
 gross margin decreased from
74.2% in 2013 to $73.3% in 2014
 which was the result of increased year-over-year product costs primarily driven by a reduction
in manufacturing volumes.

Selling
 General and Administrative
Costs:
 general and administrative expenses decreased by $23.2 million compared to 2013. As a percentage of sales
selling
 general and administrative expenses increased to 62.7% versus 62.4% in 2013. Included in selling general and administrative
costs for 2014 are $2.6 million in extraordinary legal expenses resulting from certain Schedule 13D filings and a $2.0 million
accrual for a franchise loan default guaranteed by Medifast. Excluding these items
 selling
 general
 and administrative expense
as a percentage of sales would have been 61.1%
 a decrease of 130 basis points compared to 2013.


which is variable based upon product sales
 decreased by approximately $15.6 million
 or 15.4%
 as a result of a new compensation
plan introduced in late 2013 and a 10% decrease in sales for the channel.


$3.5 million in 2014 as compared to 2013. The year-over-year decrease was driven by reductions in bonuses
 salaries
 and medical
expenses resulting from the Company&rsquo;s continued focus on headcount. These improvements were partially offset by an increase
in stock compensation expense.


by $5.1 million in 2014 as compared to the prior year as a result of lower advertising expenses. The Company continues to focus
on efficiency improvements and balancing sales and marketing expense in an effort to drive profitability. The Company increased
year-over-year fourth quarter revenue spending in an effort to drive 2015 sales.


in 2014 as compared to 2013. The year-over-year change was driven by a $2.0 million accrual relating to a default on a franchise
loan guaranteed by Medifast and an increase in legal expenses
 inclusive of $2.6 million in extraordinary expenses resulting from
certain Schedule 13D filings. These were partially offset by a decrease in information technology consulting fees.


depreciation and credit card processing fees
 decreased by $1.7 million. The decrease in expenses for the period was the result
of a reduction in credit card fees due to reduced revenues and the final settlement of Voluntary Disclosure Agreement&rsquo;s
(VDA) accrued in 2012 and issued in 2013.

 In 2014
 the Company
recorded $10.7 million in income tax expense
 an effective rate of 33.6%. In 2013
 the Company recorded $11.9 million in income
tax expense
 an effective rate of 30.5%. The increase in the effective tax rate in 2014 over 2013 was a result of benefits realized
in 2013 from research and development credits of $0.5 million that were retroactive to 2012
 as well as realizing benefits of
$0.8 million from extensive state income tax restructuring (to take advantage of apportionment methodology) which also related
to prior years. As a manufacturing entity based in Maryland
 in 2013 the Company adopted the single sales factor apportionment
method in addition to claiming new state jobs credits and research and development credits. The Company anticipates a tax rate
of approximately 33 &ndash; 34% in 2015.

Income from continuing operations:

 a decrease of $6.1 million.
Income from operations decreased by $8.2 million
 or 21%
 versus 2013 with the percent of sales decreasing to 10.6% in 2014 as
compared to 11.9% in 2013. The year-over-year decrease in profitability was primarily driven by the 11.9% reduction in sales coupled
with an increase in product costs
 a $1.8 million after tax extraordinary legal and advisory expenses incurred in relation to
the certain Schedule 13D filings and a $1.3 million after tax accrual relating to a default on a franchise loan guaranteed by
Medifast. These negative impacts to profits were partially offset by the Company&rsquo;s continued efforts to closely monitor
spending as demonstrated in the decrease in selling
 general
 and administrative expenses outlined above.


2014
 the Company exited the MWCC corporate center model by selling 41 Centers to existing franchise partners (24 Centers were
sold in June 2014 and the remaining 17 Centers were sold in December 2014) and closing the remaining 34 corporate centers. Loss
from discontinued operations was $7.8 million in 2014 as compared to $3.1 million in 2013
 a decrease of $4.7 million. The year-over-year
decrease includes the $8.6 million pre-tax
 $5.2 million after-tax
 charge for the closure of 34 Centers in December 2014. This
charge includes $0.6 million for one-time termination benefits
 $4.4 million for closed clinic lease obligations
 $3.3 million
for impaired assets
 and $0.5 million in other facility related closure costs. These exit activity costs were partially offset
by a gain of $0.2 million on the sale of Centers.


    
    


 Net income was $13.2
million in 2014 compared to $24.0 million in 2013. The year-over-year change was driven by the factors described above in the
explanations for income from continuing operations and loss from discontinued operations.




are determined in accordance with GAAP
 the Company provides certain non-GAAP financial measures. The Company&rsquo;s 2015 and
2014 non-GAAP financial measures of adjusted net income and adjusted diluted earnings per share exclude the charges the Company
incurred in relation to extraordinary legal expenses in connection with the Schedule 13D filings. The 2014 results also exclude
a franchise loan default guaranteed by Medifast. Because all of these charges are unique events
 not directly related to the Company&rsquo;s
normal operations
 the Company believes these non-GAAP financial measures may help investors better understand and compare our
operating results and trends by eliminating this component.

The
reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures are as follows:



    



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
28
684
000
30
246
000
38
410
000

    
    
    
    

    
    
1
980
000
    

    
2
084
000
2
597
000
    

    
30
768
000
34
823
000
38
410
000




    



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
19
567
000
21
029
000
27
135
000

    
    
    
    

    
    
1
342
000
    

    
1
374
000
1
761
000
    

    
20
941
000
24
132
000
27
135
000


 net of tax
491
000
(7
848
000
(3
166
000

    
21
432
000
16
284
000
23
969
000

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



calculation of theses non-GAAP financial measures are the same as the weighted-average shares outstanding used in the calculation
of the reported per share amounts.


extraordinary legal expenses incurred in connection with the Schedule 13D filings for the year ended December 31
 2015 and the
impact of the $2.0 million franchise loan guarantee and the $2.6 extraordinary legal expenses incurred in connection with the
13D filings for the year ended December 31
 2014
 income from operations decreased $4.0 million to $30.8 million from $34.8 million.
Adjusted income from continuing operations for the year ended December 31
 2015 decreased to $20.9 million from income from adjusted
continuing operations of $24.1 million for the year ended December 31
 2014. Adjusted net income for the year ended December 31
2015 increased to $21.4 million from net income of $16.3 million for the year ended December 31
 2014. Adjusted diluted earnings
per share from continuing operations for the year ended December 31
 2015 decreased to $1.73 as compared to adjusted diluted earnings
per share from continuing operations of $1.89 for the same period in 2014. Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the year ended
December 31
 2015 increased to $1.77 as compared to adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.27 for the same period in 2014.


    
    





of $88.6 million and working capital of $64.5 million on December 31
 2015 compared with $80.5 million and $55.0 million at December
31
 2014
 respectively. The $8.1 million net decrease in stockholder&rsquo;s equity reflects $20.1 million in 2015 profits offset
by the $10.5 million used to purchase shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock as well as other equity transactions as outlined
in the &ldquo;Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity&rdquo; included in our consolidated financial statements.
The Company also declared a dividend of $0.25 per share to its common stockholders during the fourth quarter of 2015 which was
paid in the first quarter of 2016. Subsequent to December 31
 2015
 the Company&rsquo;s board of directors declared a dividend
of $0.25 per share to stockholders of record as of the close of business on March 21
 2016
 payable on May 10
 2015. While we
intend to continue the dividend program and believe we will have sufficient liquidity to do so
 we can provide no assurance we
will be able to continue the declaration and payment of dividends. The Company&rsquo;s cash and cash equivalents position increased
from $24.5 million at December 31
 2014 to $42.0 million at December 31
 2015.


 2015 the
Company generated cash flow of $33.1 million from continuing operations
 partially attributable to $19.6 million in income from
continuing operations. Cash provided by operating activities of $16.5 million primarily includes depreciation and amortization
of $7.1 million
 a $3.6 million decrease in prepaid income taxes
 share-based compensation of $3.1 million
 a decrease in inventory
of $2.4 million
 and a $0.3 million decrease in other assets. This was offset by cash used by operating activities of $3.0 million
including a $2.4 million decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses
 a $0.5 million net realized gain on investment securities
and deferred income taxes of $0.1 million.


from discontinued operations was $3.7 million including income from discontinued operations of $0.5 million. Cash provided by
operating activities from discontinued operations totaled $2.6 million and includes a non-cash benefit of $2.4 million for deferred
taxes and a $0.1 decrease in inventory. Cash used by operating activities from discontinued operations of $6.8 million include
a $6.5 million decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses and a $0.3 million increase in accounts receivable.


 2015
 net
cash used in investing activities from continuing operations was $0.2 million
 which was due to $9.3 million for the purchase
of investment securities offset by $11.9 million of cash generated by the sale of investment securities and $2.8 million for the
purchase of property and equipment.


 2015
 financing
activities from continuing operations used $11.7 million in cash. The Company used $10.5 million to purchase shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock in the open market
 to repurchase shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock to cover employee taxes of $1.3 million
and to repay $0.3 million in capital leases. The Company realized a cash benefit for excess tax benefits from share-based compensation
in the amount of $0.2 million. As of December 31
 2015
 there are 847
567 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock eligible
for repurchase under the repurchase authorization dated September 16
 2014.


 2015
 the
Company had a non-cash benefit of $0.1 million related to foreign currency translation.


 the
Company may require additional cash for operating and investing activities. The Company expects future cash requirements
 if any
to be funded from operating cash flow and financing activities.


time to time as presented.

Contractual Obligations and Commercial
Commitments


obligations as of December 31
 2015:&nbsp;



    
    
 Year
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
1
330
000
1
026
000
2
356
000

    
409
000
252
000
661
000

    
1
090
000
866
000
1
956
000

    
225
000
    
225
000

    
    
    
    

    
3
054
000
2
144
000
5
198
000



The Company has operating leases in
                                         place for leased corporate offices
 our Texas Distribution center
 our raw materials
                                         warehouse
 and the Company&rsquo;s printers.

The Company has 10 operating leases
                                         in place that extend beyond December 31
 2015 for closed Medifast Corporate Weight Control
                                         Centers. The Company is actively seeking to reach lease termination agreements on these
                                         obligations and settled three termination agreements during the first quarter of 2016.
                                         These Centers made up $143
000
 and $162
000 of the costs above for
                                         the periods less than 1 year and 1-3 years
 respectively.

The Company has 31 operating leases
                                         in place that extend beyond December 31
 2015 for previous Medifast Corporate Weight
                                         Control Centers sold to franchise partners. The Company remains named on the leases
                                         however the obligations have been subleased to the franchisees.


    
    



The Company leases large commercial
                                         printers for our printing operations that are accounted for as capital leases
 these
                                         obligations are detailed in Note 7 of the consolidated financial statements.




 inflation has not had a material
effect on the Company's business.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK


from adverse changes in market rates and prices
 such as interest rates and a decline in the stock market. The Company does not
enter into derivatives
 foreign exchange transactions or other financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. The
Company paid off its outstanding debt during the first quarter of 2013
 eliminating our current exposure to interest rate risk.


to changes in interest rates and market pricing impacting our investment portfolio. Our current investment policy is to maintain
an investment portfolio consisting mainly of U.S. money market and high-grade corporate securities
 directly or through managed
funds. Our cash is deposited in and invested through highly rated financial institutions in North America. Our marketable securities
are subject to interest rate risk and market pricing risk and will fall in value if market interest rates increase or if market
pricing decreases. If market interest rates were to increase and market pricing were to decrease immediately and uniformly by
10% from levels at December 31
 2015
 we estimate that the fair value of our investment portfolio would decline by an immaterial
amount and therefore we would not expect our operating results or cash flows to be affected to any significant degree by the effect
of a change in market conditions on our investments.




is set forth on pages 33 to 50 hereto and incorporated by reference herein.

ITEM 9. CHANGES AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH
ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES


independent auditors
 regarding accounting and financial disclosures for the fiscal year ending December 31
 2015.






we carried out an evaluation
 under the supervision and with the participation of management
 including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer
 of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b)
as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation
 our management has concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures are effective as of December 31
 2015.

Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting


and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting
is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting for external purposes in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Internal control over financial reporting includes
maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions
 providing reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements
 providing reasonable assurance that receipts
and expenditures of Company assets are made in accordance with management authorization
 and providing reasonable assurance that
unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of Company assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements would
be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting is
not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements would be prevented or detected.


the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control &ndash; Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. Based on this evaluation
 our
management concluded that the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31
 2015.


internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2015
 was audited by RSM US LLP
 our independent registered public
accounting firm
 as stated in their report appearing below.




financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the fourth quarter ended
December 31
 2015 that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial
reporting.


    
    


Limitations on the Effectiveness of
Controls


 including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 does not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal controls will prevent or detect
all errors and all fraud. A control system
 no matter how well designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
assurance that the control system&rsquo;s objectives will be met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact
that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent
limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances
of fraud
 if any
 within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making
can be faulty
 and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual
acts of some persons
 by collusion of two or more people
 or by management override of the controls. The design of any system
of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
 and there can be no assurance that
any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time
 controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with associated policies or procedures. Because
of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system
 misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.


    
    


Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm


of

 Inc.


 Inc. and subsidiaries&rsquo;
(the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2015
 based on criteria established in
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
in 2013. The Company&rsquo;s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and

Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting&rdquo;
control over financial reporting based on our audit.


the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all
material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk
that a material weakness exists
 and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on
the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We
believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal
) pertain to the maintenance of records
that
 in reasonable detail
)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance
) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect
on the financial statements.


 internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


 the Company maintained
in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2015
 based on criteria established
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
in 2013.


 in accordance with

States)

 2015 and 2014
 and the related consolidated statements of income
comprehensive income
 stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31

 2016 expressed an
unqualified opinion.




 Maryland

 2016



    
    








    
    




ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


herein by reference from the Company&rsquo;s definitive proxy statement for the 2016 annual meeting of stockholders.




herein by reference from the Company&rsquo;s definitive proxy statement for the 2016 annual meeting of stockholders.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS


herein by reference from the Company&rsquo;s definitive proxy statement for the 2016 annual meeting of stockholders.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE


herein by reference from the Company&rsquo;s definitive proxy statement for the 2016 annual meeting of stockholders.

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND
SERVICES


herein by reference from the Company&rsquo;s definitive proxy statement for the 2016 annual meeting of stockholders.


    
    




ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULES


are filed as part of this Report



    
    
    



Financial Statements on page 33






 as all information
required in these schedules is included in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.



    
    
    



to the Exhibit Index on page 51 of this Report for a list of exhibits required by Item&nbsp;601 of Registration S-K to be filed
as part of this Report.


    
    



 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    


REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM


of

 Inc.


sheets of Medifast
 Inc. and subsidiaries (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of December 31
 2015 and 2014
 and the related consolidated
statements of income
 comprehensive income
 stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31
 2015. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.


the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Medifast
 Inc. and subsidiaries
as of December 31
 2015 and 2014
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31
 2015
 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.


 in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31
 2015
 issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013
 and our report dated March 15
 2016 expressed
an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




 Maryland

15
 2016


    
    


MEDIFAST
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

As of December 31
 2015 and 2014



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
42
037
000
24
459
000


000 and $354
000
1
633
000
1
650
000

    
13
335
000
15
735
000

    
25
072
000
28
185
000


 prepaid
1
549
000
5
099
000

    
2
886
000
2
875
000

    
1
208
000
3
727
000

    
353
000
184
000

    
88
073
000
81
914
000

    
    
    


 plant and equipment - net
29
029
000
33
477
000

    
205
000
497
000

    
19
000
22
000

    
    
    

    
117
326
000
115
910
000

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
22
504
000
21
854
000

    
219
000
232
000

    
841
000
4
858
000

    
23
564
000
26
944
000

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of current portion
    
242
000

    
4
890
000
5
492
000

    
288
000
2
756
000

    
28
742
000
35
434
000

    
    
    

    
    
    


000
000 shares authorized; 12
013
952 and 12
365
690 issued 11
796
774 and 12
075
764 issued and outstanding
12
000
12
000

    
    
1
132
000

    
(62
000
435
000

    
88
634
000
78
897
000

    
88
584
000
80
476
000

    
    
    

    
117
326
000
115
910
000



financial statements.


    
    


MEDIFAST
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Years Ended December 31
 2015
 2014
and 2013



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
272
773
000
285
285
000
324
054
000

    
71
458
000
76
078
000
83
488
000

    
201
315
000
209
207
000
240
566
000

    
    
    
    


 general
 and administrative
172
631
000
178
961
000
202
156
000

    
    
    
    

    
28
684
000
30
246
000
38
410
000

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 net
661
000
716
000
509
000

    
326
000
731
000
124
000

    
987
000
1
447
000
633
000

    
    
    
    

    
29
671
000
31
693
000
39
043
000

    
10
104
000
10
664
000
11
908
000

    
    
    
    

    
19
567
000
21
029
000
27
135
000


 net of tax
491
000
(7
848
000
(3
166
000

    
20
058
000
13
181
000
23
969
000

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
11
959
252
12
670
387
13
774
083

    
12
070
730
12
778
277
13
817
693

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



of these consolidated financial statements.



    
    


MEDIFAST
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME
Years Ended December 31
 2015
 2014
and 2013




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
20
058
000
13
181
000
23
969
000


 net of tax
    
    
    


 net of tax
64
000
    
    

    
    
    
    


 net of tax
(245
000
207
000
257
000


 net of tax
(316
000
(475
000
(107
000


 net of tax
(561
000
(268
000
150
000

    
    
    
    

    
(497
000
(268
000
150
000

    
    
    
    

    
19
561
000
12
913
000
24
119
000



of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    


MEDIFAST
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Years Ended December 31
 2015
 2014
and 2013



    
Number
    of
Par
    Value
Additional
    Paid-
Retained
    Earnings
    
    &nbsp;other
Treasury
    Stock
    

Balance
    December 31
 2012
15
525
955
16
000
40
191
000
76
534
000
553
000
(26
508
000
90
786
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Share-based
    compensation
16
163
    
3
209
000
    
    
    
3
209
000

Share-based
    compensation tax benefit
    
    
383
000
    
    
    
383
000

Treasury
    stock purchases
    
    
    
    
    
(20
081
000
(20
081
000

Treasury
    stock retirement
(2
398
809
(3
000
(43
783
000
(2
803
000
    
46
589
000
    

    
    
    
    
23
969
000
    
    
23
969
000

Other
    comprehensive income
    
    
    
    
150
000
    
150
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
    December 31
 2013
13
143
309
13
000
    
97
700
000
703
000
    
98
416
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Share-based
    compensation
387
107
    
3
918
000
    
    
    
3
918
000

Net shares
    repurchased for employee taxes
(37
634
    
(1
152
000
    
    
    
(1
152
000

Share-based
    compensation tax benefit
    
    
275
000
    
    
    
275
000

Treasury
    stock purchases
    
    
    
    
    
(33
894
000
(33
894
000

Treasury
    stock retirement
(1
127
092
(1
000
(1
909
000
(31
984
000
    
33
894
000
    

    
    
    
    
13
181
000
    
    
13
181
000

Other
    comprehensive loss
    
    
    
    
(268
000
    
(268
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
    December 31
 2014
12
365
690
12
000
1
132
000
78
897
000
435
000
    
80
476
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Options
    exercised by executives and directors
1
666
    
44
000
    
    
    
44
000

Share-based
    compensation
51
305
    
3
081
000
    
    
    
3
081
000

Net shares
    repurchased for employee taxes
(40
368
    
(1
296
000
    
    
    
(1
296
000

Share-based
    compensation tax benefit
    
    
247
000
    
    
    
247
000

Cash
    dividends declared to stockholders
    
    
    
(3
013
000
    
    
(3
013
000

Treasury
    stock purchases
    
    
    
    
    
(10
516
000
(10
516
000

Treasury
    stock retirement
(364
341
    
(3
208
000
(7
308
000
    
10
516
000
    

    
    
    
    
20
058
000
    
    
20
058
000

Other
    comprehensive loss
    
    
    
    
(497
000
    
(497
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
    December 31
 2015
12
013
952
12
000
    
88
634
000
(62
000
    
88
584
000



of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    


MEDIFAST
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Years Ended December 31
 2015
 2014 &amp;
2013



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
20
058
000
13
181
000
23
969
000


 net of tax
491
000
(7
848
000
(3
166
000

    
19
567
000
21
029
000
27
135
000

    
    
    
    

    
7
115
000
8
052
000
7
901
000


 net
(458
000
(771
000
(74
000

    
3
081
000
3
918
000
3
209
000

    
(106
000
286
000
428
000

    
81
000
(29
000
392
000

    
    
    
    

    
17
000
(708
000
87
000

    
2
400
000
1
802
000
2
615
000

    
(56
000
(349
000
204
000

    
292
000
(318
000
746
000

    
(2
363
000
(376
000
(1
427
000

    
3
550
000
(5
198
000
972
000

    
33
120
000
27
338
000
42
188
000

    
(3
709
000
(1
802
000
172
000

    
29
411
000
25
536
000
42
360
000

    
    
    
    

    
11
880
000
29
636
000
14
359
000

    
(9
250
000
(26
080
000
(25
355
000

    
(2
819
000
(7
024
000
(11
386
000

    
(189
000
(3
468
000
(22
382
000

    
    
950
000
(220
000

    
(189
000
(2
518
000
(22
602
000

    
    
    
    

    
(255
000
(222
000
(3
641
000

    
45
000
52
000
26
000

    
(1
296
000
(1
152
000
    

    
44
000
    
    

    
247
000
275
000
383
000

    
(10
516
000
(33
894
000
(20
081
000

    
(11
731
000
(34
941
000
(23
313
000

    
    
    
    

    
(11
731
000
(34
941
000
(23
313
000

    
    
    
    

    
87
000
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
17
578
000
(11
923
000
(3
555
000

    
24
459
000
36
382
000
39
937
000

    
42
037
000
24
459
000
36
382
000

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
22
000
131
000
57
000

    
4
182
000
12
721
000
9
983
000



of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    


Medifast
 Inc. and Subsidiaries

For the Years Ended December 31
 2015
2014 and 2013

Nature
of the Business


 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;
or &ldquo;Medifast&rdquo;) is a Delaware corporation
 incorporated in 1989. The Company&rsquo;s operations are primarily conducted
through seven of its wholly owned subsidiaries
 Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 Take Shape For Life
 LLC
 Jason Enterprises
 Inc.
Jason Properties
 LLC
 Medifast Franchise Systems
 Medifast Nutrition
 Inc. and Seven Crondall
 LLC. The Company is engaged in
the production
 distribution
 and sale of weight loss
 weight management
 and healthy living products and other consumable health
and diet products. Medifast product lines include weight loss
 weight management
 and healthy living meal replacements
 snacks
hydration products and vitamins. The Company has one modern
 Food and Drug Administration (&ldquo;FDA&rdquo;)-approved manufacturing
facility located in Owings Mills
 Maryland.


channels of distribution
 including the internet
 call center
 independent health advisors
 medical professionals
 franchise weight
loss clinics
 and direct consumer marketing supported via the phone and internet. The processing
 formulation
 packaging
 labeling
and advertising of the Company&rsquo;s products are subject to regulation by one or more federal agencies
 including the FDA
 the
Federal Trade Commission (&ldquo;FTC&rdquo;)
 the Consumer Product Safety Commission
 the United States Department of Agriculture
and the United States Environmental Protection Agency.

Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies


in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are as follows:

- The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries
 Jason Pharmaceuticals
Inc.
 Take Shape For Life
 LLC
 Seven Crondall Associates
 LLC
 Jason Properties
 LLC
 Medifast Franchise Systems
 Inc.
 Medifast
Nutrition
 Inc. and Jason Enterprises
 Inc. All inter-Company transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.

 &ndash; Certain
amounts reported for prior periods have been reclassified to be consistent with the current period presentation. No reclassification
in the consolidated financial statements had a material impact on the presentation.

 &ndash; The preparation
of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period.
Actual results could differ materially from those estimates.

 - Cash
and cash equivalents consist of cash on deposit in financial institutions
 institutional money funds and other short-term investments
with a maturity of 90 days or less at the time of purchase.

 &ndash;
Our cash and cash equivalents and available-for-sale securities are maintained at several financial institutions
 and the balances
with these financial institutions often exceed the amount of insurance provided on such accounts by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation. The cash and cash equivalents generally are maintained with financial institutions with reputable credit
 and therefore
bear minimal credit risk. Historically
 we have not experienced any losses due to such concentration of credit risk.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments
- 
 investment in available-for-sale securities
 trade receivables
and debt. The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents
 and trade receivables approximate fair value due to their short maturities.
The fair values of investment in available-for-sale securities are based on dealer quotes. The Company believes that its indebtedness
approximates fair value based on current yields for debt instruments with similar terms.

Accounts Receivable and Allowance for
Sales Returns and Doubtful Accounts - 
 and
net of provisions for doubtful accounts.


at each reporting period and adjust them to reflect data available at that time. To estimate reserves for returns
 we consider
actual return rates in preceding periods. To the extent the estimate of returns changes
 we will adjust the reserve
 which will
impact the amount of product sales revenue recognized in the period of the adjustment. Our estimates for returns have not differed
materially from our actual returns. The provision for estimated returns as of December 31
 2015 and 2014 was $323
000 and $290
000
respectively.


primarily on an analysis of aged accounts receivable balances and the credit worthiness of our customers as determined by credit
checks and analysis
 as well as customer payment history. The allowance for doubtful accounts as of December 31
 2015 and 2014
was $94
000 and $64
000
 respectively.

Inventories consist
principally of packaged meal replacements held in the Company&rsquo;s warehouses. Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or market
utilizing the first-in
 first-out method. The cost of finished goods includes the cost of raw materials
 packaging supplies
 direct
and indirect labor and other indirect manufacturing costs. On a quarterly basis
 management reviews inventory for unsalable or
obsolete inventory.

The Company&rsquo;s investments
consist of debt and equity securities classified as available-for-sale securities. Available-for-sale securities are stated at
fair value
 and unrealized holding gains and losses
 net of the related deferred tax effect
 are reported as a separate component
of accumulated other comprehensive income in stockholders' equity. Interest and dividends on marketable debt and equity securities
are recognized in income when declared. Realized gains and losses
 including losses from declines in value of specific securities
determined by management to be other-than-temporary
 if any
 are included in income.


    
    


The benefit
of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management
believes it is more-likely-than-not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or
litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the
more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely
of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions
taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above is reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying
balance sheet along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination.


that we did not have any material uncertain tax positions. Our policy is to recognize interest and penalties accrued on uncertain
tax positions as part of income tax expense. For the years ending December 31
 2015 and 2014
 no material estimated interest or
penalties were recognized for the uncertainty of certain tax positions. We file income tax returns in the United States
 Canada
and various states jurisdictions. We are currently under audit by the IRS for 2010
 but do not anticipate it to have a significant
impact on previously reported results as well as benefits realized under our current tax structure. Other than 2010
 we are no
longer subject to U.S. federal
 state
 and local income tax examinations by tax authorities for the years before 2012.


deductible temporary differences and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences
are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced
by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred
tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates
on the date of enactment.

Advertising
costs are expensed as incurred
 except for the preparation
 layout
 design and production of advertising costs which are expensed
when the advertisement is first used. Advertising expense for continuing operations
 excluding broker fees
 for the years ended
December 31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 amounted to $15 million
 $17 million
 and $21 million
 respectively.

 Medifast leases
retail stores
 distribution facilities
 and office space under operating leases. Many of our lease agreements contain tenant improvement
allowances
 rent holidays
 rent escalation clauses
 and contingent rent provisions. The Company recognizes incentives and minimum
rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases. We commence recording rent expense on the date of initial
possession
 which is generally when we enter the space and begin to make improvements to properties for our intended use. For tenant
improvement allowances and rent holidays
 we record a deferred rent liability on the consolidated balance sheets and amortize the
deferred rent over the terms of the leases as reductions to rent expense on the consolidated statements of income.


the lease terms or for rental payments commencing at a date other than the date of initial occupancy
 we record minimum rental
expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases on the consolidated statements of income. Several leases provide
for contingent rents
 which are determined as a percentage of gross sales in excess of specified levels. We record a contingent
rent liability on the consolidated balance sheets and the corresponding rent expense when we determine achieving the specified
levels is probable.

Clinic opening
costs were expensed as incurred.

- Clinic closure
costs are expensed and recognized as a liability at their fair value when incurred. One-time employee severance costs are expensed
and recognized as a liability when the plan is finalized by management
 approved and committed to by management
 and communicated
to the employee. Contractual costs that will continue to be incurred (operating leases) are recognized at the cease use date. The
fair value of operating lease contracts is determined based on the present value of the remaining lease payments. Other costs associated
with closing the clinic or relocating employees are expensed as incurred.

Property
 Plant
 and Equipment - 
plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. The Company computes depreciation and amortization
using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets acquired as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



is the lesser of the estimated useful life of the addition or the term of the related lease.


whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability
of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future cash
flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows
 an impairment
charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset.

Revenue is
recognized net of discounts
 rebates
 promotional adjustments
 price adjustments
 and estimated returns and upon transfer of title
and risk to the customer which occurs at shipping (F.O.B. terms). Upon shipment
 the Company has no further performance obligations
and collection is reasonably assured as the majority of sales are paid prior to shipping. Medifast Weight Control Centers program
fees were recognized over the estimated service period.

- Our shipping and handling
costs for shipments of our product to our customers are included in cost of sales. All shipping and handling charges that are billed
to customers are included in net revenue. All other shipping and handling costs are included in selling
 general and administration
expenses.


    
    


- Basic earnings
per share (&ldquo;EPS&rdquo;) computations are calculated utilizing the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during
the periods presented. Diluted EPS is calculated utilizing the weighted average number of common shares outstanding adjusted for
the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents.


of basic and diluted EPS for the fiscal years ended December 31:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
19
567
000
21
029
000
27
135
000

    
491
000
(7
848
000
(3
166
000

    
20
058
000
13
181
000
23
969
000

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
11
959
252
12
670
387
13
774
083

    
111
478
107
890
43
610

    
    
    
    

    
12
070
730
12
778
277
13
817
693

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



share excluded 69
375
 67
375 and 0 options outstanding for the years ended December 31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively
 that
could potentially dilute base earnings per share in the future.

Share-based
compensation
 primarily restricted stock awards and options granted to employees and directors. Restricted stock awards are measured
at the grant date
 based on the calculated fair value of the award
 and are recognized as an expense over the requisite service
period. The fair value of the incentive stock options and non-qualified stock options is calculated using the Black-Scholes option
pricing model as of the grant date and recognized over the service period. The Company issues new shares upon the exercise of stock
options and granting of restricted stock awards.

Other comprehensive
income refers to revenues
 expenses
 gains and losses that are not included in net income but rather are recorded directly in stockholders&rsquo;
equity. Comprehensive income consists of net income
 unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities
 and foreign
currency translation adjustments.




and have concluded that there are no new pronouncements that may have a material impact on our results of operations
 financial
condition
 or cash flows
 based on current information
 except for:


 
requires the rights and obligations of all leased assets with a term greater than 12 months to be presented on the balance sheet.
The pronouncement is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018. Management is current evaluating the effect
that the provisions of ASU 2016-02 will have on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements.



Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities
 most notably requires
the changes in fair value of equity investments to be recognized in net income. The pronouncement also requires the use of the
exit price notion
 the separate presentation of financial assets and liabilities by measurement category and form of asset
 and
the separate presentation in other comprehensive income of changes in fair value resulting from a change in the instrument-specific
credit risk. The pronouncement is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017. Management is currently evaluating
the effect that the provisions of ASU 2016-01 will have on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements.



Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes
as noncurrent. The pronouncement is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016. Management is currently evaluating
the effect that the provisions of ASU 2015-17 will have on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements.


    
    




Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory
 requires the Company to recognize inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable
value. Net realizable value is defined as the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less costs of completion
disposal
 and transportation. The pronouncement is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 31
 2016. Management is
currently evaluating the effect that the provisions of ASU 2015-11 will have on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements.



with Customers (Topic 606)
 requires the Company to recognize revenue for the transfer of goods or services to customers for
the amount the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The Company will be required to identify
the contract
 identify the relevant performance obligations
 determine the transaction price
 allocate the transaction price to
the performance obligations in the contract
 and recognize the revenue when the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The
provisions of this ASU are effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2017. Management is currently
evaluating the effect that the provisions of ASU 2015-09 will have on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements.

Financial
Instruments


are accounted for at fair value
 which is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability
in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The following fair value hierarchy prioritizes the
inputs used to measure fair value:


are available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. Active markets are those in which
transactions for the asset or liability occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.


are other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1
 which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the
reporting date. Level 2 includes those financial instruments that are valued using models or other valuation methodologies.


include significant inputs that are generally less observable from objective sources. These inputs may be used with internally
developed methodologies that result in management&rsquo;s best estimate of fair value from the perspective of a market participant.


    
    





the available-for-sale securities adjusted cost
 gross unrealized gains
 gross unrealized losses and fair value by significant
investment category recorded as cash and cash equivalents or investment securities as of December 31
 2015 and 2014:



    

&nbsp;2015

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
38
276
000
    
    
    
38
276
000
38
276
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
3
761
000
    
    
    
3
761
000
3
761
000
    

    
9
654
000
37
000
(444
000
    
9
247
000
    
9
247
000

    
1
332
000
246
000
(76
000
    
1
502
000
    
1
502
000

    
5
425
000
25
000
(19
000
17
000
5
448
000
    
5
448
000

    
20
172
000
308
000
(539
000
17
000
19
958
000
3
761
000
16
197
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
2
735
000
42
000
(3
000
20
000
2
794
000
    
2
794
000

    
6
054
000
22
000
(41
000
46
000
6
081
000
    
6
081
000

    
8
789
000
64
000
(44
000
66
000
8
875
000
    
8
875
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
67
237
000
372
000
(583
000
83
000
67
109
000
42
037
000
25
072
000




    

&nbsp;2014

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
23
894
000
    
    
    
23
894
000
23
894
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
565
000
    
    
    
565
000
565
000
    

    
10
733
000
63
000
(129
000
    
10
667
000
    
10
667
000

    
3
408
000
695
000
(31
000
    
4
072
000
    
4
072
000

    
4
559
000
49
000
(5
000
15
000
4
618
000
    
4
618
000

    
19
265
000
807
000
(165
000
15
000
19
922
000
565
000
19
357
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
3
652
000
78
000
(7
000
28
000
3
751
000
    
3
751
000

    
5
022
000
29
000
(12
000
38
000
5
077
000
    
5
077
000

    
8
674
000
107
000
(19
000
66
000
8
828
000
    
8
828
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
51
833
000
914
000
(184
000
81
000
52
644
000
24
459
000
28
185
000



000
$771
000 and $74
000 for the years ended December 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. As of December 31
 2014 and 2015
 gross
unrealized losses related to individual securities that had been in a continuous loss position for 12 months or longer were not
significant. The maturities of the Company&rsquo;s investment securities generally range from 1 to 30 years for corporate bonds
1 to 5 years for municipal bonds
 and 1 to 7 years for government and agency securities.


    
    








    

 2015

 2014

    
3
666
000
4
410
000

    
788
000
920
000

    
635
000
1
108
000

    
8
545
000
9
689
000

    
(299
000
(392
000

    
13
335
000
15
735
000


5. PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Property
plant
 and equipment consisted of the following as of:



    

 2015

 2014

    
650
000
650
000

    
13
122
000
13
346
000

    
61
573
000
59
501
000

    
149
000
149
000

    
75
494
000
73
646
000

    
46
465
000
40
169
000


 plant and equipment- net
29
029
000
33
477
000


Depreciation
and amortization expense for continuing operations for the years ended December 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013 was $7
115
000
 $8
052
000
and $7
810
000
Depreciation and amortization expense for discontinued operations
related to the Medifast Corporate Weight Control Centers for the years ended December 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013 was $0
 $1
699
000
and $3
144
000
 respectively. As a result of the sale and closure of the Medifast Weight Control Centers
 the Company incurred
an asset impairment loss of $3.3 million in 2014 that is included in discontinued operations.






    

 2015

 2014

    
11
264
000
12
178
000

    
4
245
000
3
890
000

    
3
440
000
3
000
000

    
3
013
000
    

    
542
000
806
000

    
    
1
980
000

    
22
504
000
21
854
000







 2015
 the Company leases
office space for corporate offices
 a distribution facility in Texas
 a raw materials warehouse in Maryland
 as well as 41 leases
for previously corporate-operated Medifast Weight Control Centers under lease terms ranging from five to ten years. The 41 leases
include 3 Centers closed in December 2013
 7 Centers that were closed in December 2014
 and 31 leases for Centers that were sold
to franchise partners during 2014 and entered into sublease agreements with the franchisees. The Company accrued for the remaining
lease obligations net of any sublease income in 2014
 see Note 12 for exit activity and clinic obligations. Monthly payments under
the Medifast Weight Control Centers leases range in price from $1
800 to $5
000. The Company is additionally required to pay property
taxes
 utilities
 insurance and other costs relating to the leased facilities.


    
    



for our printing operation that supports our sales channels and network equipment for information technology that are accounted
for as capital leases. The leases extend through December 2016.


minimum rental and lease payments required under non-cancelable original lease terms in excess of one year as of December 31
2015:




    
    
    

    
2
829
000
225
000

    
1
758
000
    

    
355
000
    

    
31
000
    

    
4
973
000
225
000

    
    
6
000

    
    
219
000

    
    
    

    
    
219
000

    
    
    



been reduced by minimum sublease rent income of approximately $2.0 million due under future non-cancelable subleases.


rent expense for the years ended December 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013:



    
    
    
    

    
1
506
000
1
460
000
1
400
000

    
(1
002
000
7
189
000
5
233
000

    
504
000
8
649
000
6
633
000



 2015
the positive impact to rent expense is due to lease termination agreements that resulted in the reversal of rent obligations estimates
that were expensed in 2014. For the periods ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 the discontinued operations rent expense includes
an accrual of $4.4 million and $1.1 million
 respectively
 for continuing obligations for operating leases related to centers
closed during the periods.


operations for the years ended December 31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013 was $1.0 million
 $1.2 million
 and $1.4 million
 respectively.




franchisee partners in order to support them obtaining additional funding to expand their business into new markets. All of the
loans associated with these agreements have been paid in full and the Company incurred a charge of $2 million in 2014 to fulfill
its guarantee obligation on one of the loans. The guarantee with Team Wellness
 Inc. provided financial coverage for a $1.0 million
loan and a $1.0 million line of credit. The franchisee associated with these loans failed to pay the monthly obligations and the
Company paid off the loans in April 2015
 which was fully accrued and expensed in the amount of $2.0 million as of December 31
2014. The Company was a secondary guarantor on the loan and line of credit and has pursued personal recourse against the franchise
owner.


    
    





are as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
9
814
000
10
282
000
11
682
000

    
396
000
96
000
(202
000

    
10
210
000
10
378
000
11
480
000

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(125
000
176
000
365
000

    
39
000
206
000
63
000

    
(20
000
(96
000
    

    
(106
000
286
000
428
000

    
    
    
    

    
10
104
000
10
664
000
11
908
000



 2015
2014
 and 2013 was $9.9 million
 $4.9 million
 $10.0 million
 respectively. Those amounts have been allocated to the following
financial statement items:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
10
104
000
10
664
000
11
908
000

    
387
000
(5
302
000
(1
690
000


 unrealized gain (loss) on investment securities &amp; foreign currency
(357
000
(182
000
143
000


 share-based compensation tax benefit
(247
000
(275
000
(383
000

    
    
    
    

    
9
887
000
4
905
000
9
978
000



at December 31




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
199
000
291
000
332
000

    
735
000
699
000
413
000

    
1
149
000
1
283
000
896
000

    
1
068
000
3
170
000
1
260
000

    
49
000
142
000
337
000

    
    
8
000
337
000

    
85
000
    
    

    
3
285
000
5
593
000
3
575
000

    
    
    
    

    
    
(294
000
(476
000

    
(755
000
(779
000
(710
000

    
(6
189
000
(6
285
000
(7
091
000

    
(23
000
    
    

    
(6
967
000
(7
358
000
(8
277
000

    
    
    
    

    
(3
682
000
(1
765
000
(4
702
000



tax rate and the Company's effective tax rate are as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
10
381
000
    
11
093
000
    
13
665
000
    


 net of federal benefit
414
000
    
314
000
    
393
000
    

    
15
000
    
73
000
    
    
    

    
(824
000
    
(811
000
    
(979
000
    

    
4
000
    
200
000
    
173
000
    

    
(247
000
    
(203
000
    
(459
000
    

    
114
000
    
(113
000
    
(707
000
    

    
247
000
    
111
000
    
(178
000
    

    
10
104
000
    
10
664
000
    
11
908
000
    



 2014 and 2013 effective tax
rates were impacted by the Company&rsquo;s extensive state income tax planning.&nbsp; This planning includes taking advantage
of Maryland&rsquo;s apportionment methodology.&nbsp; As a manufacturing entity based in Maryland
 the Company utilizes the single
sales factor apportionment method in addition to claiming new state jobs credits and research &amp; development credits.&nbsp;
In 2013 the Company benefited from research and development credits effective January 1
 2013
 applicable retroactively to 2012
activity. In 2014 the Company benefited from research and development credits effective January 1
 2014 in addition to filing
an amended federal return to claim 2010 research and development credits due to changes in Federal regulations.


    
    



net operating loss carry forwards totaling $10.9 million start expiring in 2031.&nbsp; Maryland state credits carry forwards totaling
$201
000 will begin to expire in 2018.






incentive stock options to employees and nonemployee directors. The fair value of these options are estimated on the date of grant
using the Black-Scholes option pricing model
 which requires estimates of the expected term of the option
 the expected volatility
of the price of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
 dividend yield and the risk-free interest rate. Options outstanding as of December
31
 2015 generally vest over a period of three years with an expiration term of ten years. The exercise price of these options
ranges from $24.26 to $31.55. The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
over the period of time equivalent to the expected term for each award. Due to the Company&rsquo;s lack of option exercise history
the expected term is calculated using the simplified method defined as the midpoint between the vesting period and the contractual
term of each award. The risk free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect on the date of grant which
most closely corresponds to the expected term of the option. All of the options were issued prior to the Company declaring its
first dividend in December 2015; and therefore





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



option activity:



    
    
    
    
&nbsp;Life (Yrs)
    


 2014
67
375
    
    
    

    
66
000
    
    
    

    
(1
666
    
    
    

    
(33
336
    
    
    


 2015
98
373
    
    
256
175


 2015
34
615
    
    
145
052



of options granted was $15.24. The unrecognized compensation expense calculated under the fair value method for shares expected
to vest as of December 31
 2015 was approximately $0.6 million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period
of 1.9 years. The Company received $44
000 in cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options during 2015. No options were exercised
in 2014 or 2013.




to employees and nonemployee directors generally with terms ranging up to seven years. The fair value is equal to the market price
of the Company&rsquo;s common stock on the date of grant. Expense for restricted stock is amortized ratably over the vesting period.
The following table summarizes the restricted stock activity:


    
    





    
    
    


 2014
333
676
    

    
58
685
    

    
(124
053
    

    
(4
600
    


 2015
263
708
    



charged against income during the years ended December 31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013 were $3
081
000
 $3
918
000
 and $3
209
000
 respectively.
Included in share-based compensation expense for 2015 is $734
000 for 46
530 shares of performance awards to be issued to certain
key employees based on achieving 2015 financial plan that will vest on December 31
 2016.&nbsp; The Company intends to issue additional
performance awards in 2016 to certain key employees if certain 2016 financial plans are met.&nbsp; During 2015
 the Company issued
12
155 shares to members of the Board of Directors including 4
600 shares that were later forfeited. The total income tax benefit
recognized in the consolidated statement of income for these restricted stock awards was approximately $1
012
000
 $1
398
000
and $1
123
000 for the years ending December 31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively. The tax benefit recognized in additional
paid-in capital upon vesting of restricted stock awards and exercise of stock options was approximately $247
000
 $275
000 and
$383
000 for the years ending December 31
 2015
 2014
 2013
 respectively. There was approximately $4.6 million of total unrecognized
compensation cost related to restricted stock awards as of December 31
 2015. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average
period of approximately 2.2 years.




enterprise about which separate financial information is available that is regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision
maker about how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. The consolidated operating profit of the Company is reviewed
by the chief operating decision maker as a single segment and sales are reviewed at the channel level.


channel for the years ended:



    

 2015

 2014

 2013

    
    
    
    

    
202
218
000
206
657
000
228
729
000

    
48
658
000
57
159
000
75
521
000

    
17
072
000
15
424
000
15
336
000

    
4
825
000
6
045
000
4
468
000

    
272
773
000
285
285
000
324
054
000


12. DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
 EXIT ACTIVITIES
AND CLINIC OBLIGATIONS


 the Company exited the MWCC corporate
center model by selling 41 centers to existing franchise partners (24 centers were sold in June 2014 and the remaining 17 centers
were sold in December 2014) and closing the remaining 34 corporate centers. In accordance with ASU 2014-08

Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property Plant
 and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures
of Disposals of Components of an Entity
 liabilities
 operating results
 and cash flows of the MWCC corporate center
channel have been presented separately as discontinued operations in the Consolidated Financial Statements for all periods presented.


operating results for discontinued operations for the years ended:



    

 2015

 2014

 2013

    
    
22
509
000
32
832
000

    
878
000
(13
150
000
(4
856
000

    
387
000
(5
302
000
(1
690
000


 net of tax 
491
000
(7
848
000
(3
166
000



    
    



carrying amounts of the major classes of assets and liabilities included in discontinued operations as of:



    

 2015

    
    

    
    


 net
353
000

    
353
000

    
    

    
19
000

    
    

    
372
000

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
841
000

    
841
000

    
    

    
288
000

    
    

    
1
129
000



obligations primarily consisting of closed clinic lease obligations
 severance accruals
 and customer refunds incurred for the
years ended December 31
 2014 and 2015:




 2013
1
361
000

    
6
006
000

    
(833
000


 2014
6
534
000

    
(1
483
000

    
(3
922
000


 2015
1
129
000



primarily to favorable termination agreements reached with landlords of closed Corporate Medifast Weight Control Centers.


31
 2015 as follows:



    
841
000

    
288
000


 2015
1
129
000





 2016
 the Company&rsquo;s
board of directors declared a $0.25 cash dividend to its stockholders
 valued at $3.0 million. The dividend is payable on May
10
 2016 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on March 21
 2016.


    
    






    
    

    
Restated
    and Amended Certificate of Incorporation of Medifast
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company&rsquo;s
    Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-31573) filed February 27
 2015).

    
    

    
Amended
    and Restated Bylaws of Medifast
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form
    8-K (File No. 001-31573) filed on April 6
 2015).

    
    

    
Amended
    and Restated 2012 Share Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on
    Form 8-K (File No. 001-31573) filed on June 20
 2014).*

    
    

    
Form
    of Restricted Share Award Agreement (filed herewith).*

    
    

    
Form
    of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report
    on Form 8-K (File No. 001-31573) filed on February 4
 2014). *

    
    

    
Form
    of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (filed herewith). *

    
    

    
Form
    of Performance-Based Deferred Share Award Agreement (filed herewith). *

    
    

    
&nbsp;Lease
    relating to the Company's Owings Mills
 Maryland facility incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form
    S-4 of the Company (File No. 33-81524).

    
    

    
Cooperation
    Agreement dated April 3
 2015
 by and among the Company
 Engaged Capital LLC
 and the persons set forth on the signature pages
    thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-31573)
    filed on April 6
 2015.

    
    

    
&nbsp;Subsidiaries
    of Medifast
 Inc. (filed herewith).

    
    

    
Consent
    of RSM US LLP (filed herewith).

    
    

    
&nbsp;Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
    Act of 2002 (filed herewith).

    
    

    
Certification
    of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
    Act of 2002 (filed herewith).

    
    

    
Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished
    herewith).

    
    

    
The
    following financial statements from Medifast
 Inc.&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2015
    filed March 15
 2016
 formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets
 (ii) Consolidated
    Statements of Income
 (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
 (iv) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo;
    Equity (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
 and (vi) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (filed herewith).



or compensatory plan.


    
    





of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.


 INC.





of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.


 INC.




/s/
    MICHAEL C. MACDONALD
    

    
    

Michael
    C. MacDonald
    

Chief
    Executive Officer
    

(Principal
    Executive Officer)
    

Dated:
    March 15
 2016
    

    
    

/s/
    TIMOTHY G. ROBINSON
    

    
    

Timothy
    G. Robison
    

Chief
    Financial Officer
    

(Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer)
    

Dated:
    March 15
 2016
    



    
    



of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated have signed this Report below.



    
    
    

    
    
    

/s/
    JEFFREY J. BROWN
    
March 15
 2016

    
    
    

Jeffrey
    J. Brown
    
    

    
    
    

/s/
    KEVIN G. BYRNES
    
March 15
 2016

    
    
    

Kevin
    G. Byrnes
    
    

    
    
    

/s/
    CHARLES P. CONNOLLY
    
March 15
 2016

    
    
    

Charles
    P. Connolly
    
    

    
    
    

/s/
    CONSTANCE J. HALLQUIST
    
March 15
 2016

    
    
    

Constance
    J. Hallquist
    
    

    
    
    

/s/
    JORGENE K. HARTWIG
    
March 15
 2016

    
    
    

Jorgene
    K. Hartwig
    
    

    
    
    

/s/
    JOSEPH P. KELLEMAN
Vice President of Finance
    
March 15
 2016

    
    
    

Joseph
    P. Kelleman
    
    

    
    
    

/s/
    MICHAEL C. MACDONALD
Chairman and Chief Executive
    Officer
March 15
 2016

    
    
    

Michael
    C. Macdonald
    
    

    
    
    

/s/
    CARL E. SASSANO
    
March 15
 2016

    
    
    

Carl.
    E. Sassano
    
    

    
    
    

/s/
    SCOTT SCHLACKMAN
    
March 15
 2016

    
    
    

Scott
    Schlackman
    
    

    
    
    

/s/
    GLENN W. WELLING
    
March 15
 2016

    
    
    

Glenn
    W. Welling
    
    



    














     






 INC.



RESTRICTED SHARE AWARD
AGREEMENT


&rdquo;)
&rdquo;) of the Company under
the Medifast
&rdquo;). The terms of the grant are set forth in the attached
&rdquo;). The following provides a summary of the key terms of the
Agreement; however
 you should read the entire Agreement along with the terms of the Plan
 to fully understand the Agreement.

SUMMARY OF RESTRICTED SHARE AWARD
AGREEMENT



    
    




    

[______]

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



description of certain provisions of the Agreement and is not intended to be complete. In the event any aspect of this summary
conflicts with the terms of the Agreement
 the terms of the Agreement shall govern.


    
    


RESTRICTED SHARE
AWARD AGREEMENT


&rdquo;)
 dated as of [____________]
&rdquo;)
is delivered by Medifast
&rdquo;)
 to [____________] (the &ldquo;


to provide the Participant a restricted share award under the Medifast
&rdquo;)
and in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. Capitalized terms that are used but not defined herein
shall have the respective meanings accorded to such terms in the Plan.


intending to be legally bound hereby
 agree as follows:

Grant
of Restricted Share Award


] shares of common stock of the Company
 subject to the restrictions set forth below and in the Plan
(the &ldquo;

Vesting
Dividends and Non-assignability of Award


vested
 according to the following vesting schedule
 if the Participant continues to be employed by
 or provide service to
 the
Company from the Date of Grant until the applicable vesting date:



    
    

    
    

    
    



shares shall be cumulative
 but shall not exceed 100% of the shares. If the foregoing schedule would produce fractional shares
the portion of the shares that vests shall be rounded down to the nearest whole share.


in a Company-sponsored plan
 policy or arrangement
 or any agreement to which the Company is a party
 the Participant shall forfeit
any unvested portion of the Award in the event the Participant ceases to be employed by
 or provide service to
 the Company prior
to the Vesting Date.


be entitled to exercise voting rights with respect to the unvested shares held under this Agreement.


    
    



shares shall be either paid at the Vesting Date in the form the dividends are paid to other shareholders
 in cash
 or in unrestricted
shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount of such dividends
 or subject to the terms of Section 409A of the Code
 the
payment of such dividends shall be deferred and/or the amount or value thereof automatically reinvested in additional restricted
shares
 other Awards
 or other investment vehicles
 as the Company shall determine or permit the Participant to elect. Shares distributed
in connection with a share split or share dividend
 and other property distributed as a dividend
 shall be subject to restrictions
and a risk of forfeiture to the same extent as the shares with respect to which such shares or other property are distributed.


assigned
 transferred
 hypothecated
 or encumbered
 in whole or in part
 either directly or by operation of law or otherwise
 including
but not limited to
 by execution
 levy
 garnishment
 attachment
 pledge
 bankruptcy
 or in any other manner
 except transfer by
will or by the laws of descent and distribution. All rights with respect to the Award shall be exercisable during the Participant&rsquo;s
lifetime only by the Participant or the Participant&rsquo;s guardian or legal representative.

Dividend
Equivalents


date for each cash dividend on the Shares

Dividends
in respect of which they were credited and shall be settled in accordance with
 and at the time of
 settlement of the vested Restricted
Shares to which they are related. Cash Dividends applicable to Restricted Shares that are subsequently forfeited shall be forfeited.
If the Participant&rsquo;s vested Restricted Shares have been settled after the record date but prior to the dividend payment date
any Cash Dividends that would be credited pursuant to this Section 3 shall be settled on or as soon as practicable after the dividend
payment date.

Issuance
of Certificates


certificates representing the Award may be issued by the Company and held in escrow by the Company until the Award vests
 or the
Company may hold non-certificated shares until the Award vests.


the Participant obtains a vested right to shares from the Award
 a certificate representing the vested shares shall be issued to
the Participant
 free of the restrictions under Section 2 of this Agreement.


obligation of the Company to deliver shares upon the vesting of the Award shall be subject to all applicable laws
 rules
 and regulations
and such approvals by governmental agencies as may be deemed appropriately to comply with relevant securities laws and regulations.

Change
in Control


Plan applicable to a Change in Control or other corporate transaction (as described in Sections 8 and 9 of the Plan) shall apply
to the Award.


    
    


.



be required to pay to the Company
 or make other arrangements satisfactory to the Company to provide for the payment of
 any federal
state
 local or other taxes that the Company is required to withhold with respect to the grant or vesting of the Award. Subject
to Committee approval
 the Participant may elect to satisfy any tax withholding obligation of the Company with respect to the Award
by having shares withheld up to an amount that does not exceed the minimum applicable withholding tax rate for federal (including
FICA)
 state
 local and other tax liabilities.



No
Right to Employment
in the employ of the Company or any other employment right.

Award
Subject to Plan
The terms and provisions of the Plan
 as they may be amended from time to time
 are hereby incorporated herein by reference. In
the event of a conflict between any term or provision contained herein and a term or provision of the Plan
 the applicable terms
and provisions of the Plan will govern and prevail.

Committee
Authority
the Committee shall be final and binding on the Participant
 his or her beneficiaries and any other person having or claiming an
interest in the Award.

.
If any provision of this Agreement is or becomes or is deemed to be invalid
 illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction or would
disqualify this Agreement or the Award under any applicable law
 such provision shall be construed or deemed amended to conform
to applicable law (or if such provision cannot be so construed or deemed amended without materially altering the purpose or intent
of this Agreement and the grant of the Award hereunder
 such provision shall be stricken as to such jurisdiction and the remainder
of this Agreement and the award shall remain in full force and effect).

.
Any notice to be given to Company under the terms of this Agreement shall be addressed to the Company
 at the attention of the
Committee
 at its principal place of business
 and any notice to be given to Participant may be sent to Participant&rsquo;s address
as it appears in the payroll records of the Company
 or at such other addresses as either party may designate in writing to the
other.

Governing
Law
 construction
 interpretation and effect of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of Delaware
 without giving effect to the conflict of laws provisions thereof

.
The Participant accepts the Award subject to all the terms and provisions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of the
Plan.

.
Headings are given to the paragraphs and subparagraphs of this Agreement solely as a convenience to facilitate reference. Such
headings shall not be deemed in any way material or relevant to the construction or interpretation of this Agreement or any provision
thereof.


    
    


.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts
 each of which will be deemed to be an original copy of this Agreement
and all of which
 when taken together
 will be deemed to constitute one and the same agreement. Facsimile or other electronic transmission
of any signed original document or retransmission of any signed facsimile or other electronic transmission will be deemed the same
as delivery of an original.

Complete
Agreement
 this Agreement and those agreements and documents expressly referred to
herein embody the complete agreement and understanding among the parties and supersede and preempt any prior understandings
 agreements
or representations by or among the parties
 written or oral
 which may have related to the subject matter hereof in any way. The
terms of this Agreement shall be binding upon the executors
 administrators
 heirs
 successors and assigns of the Participant.




    
    



the Company and Participant have executed this Agreement as of the grant date shown above.



    
    
Medifast
 Inc.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    


Signature Page to
Restricted Share Award Agreement


    














     






 INC.






&rdquo;)
&rdquo;) under the Medifast
 Inc. 2012 Share Incentive Plan
&rdquo;). The terms of the grant are set forth in the Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement provided
&rdquo;). The following provides a summary of the key terms of the grant; however
 you should
read the entire Agreement
 along with the terms of the Plan
 to fully understand the grant.

SUMMARY OF NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION
AWARD



    
    

    
    

    
]
[

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
[______])



provisions of the Agreement and is not intended to be complete. In the event any aspect of this summary conflicts with the terms
of the Agreement
 the terms of the Agreement shall govern.


    
    


MEDIFAST
 INC.





NON-QUALIFIED
&rdquo;)
 dated as of [_____________]
&rdquo;)
is delivered by Medifast
 Inc. (the &ldquo;



The
Medifast
&rdquo;) provides for the grant of options to purchase shares of
common stock of the Company. The Company has decided to make a stock option award as an inducement for the Participant to promote
the best interests of the Company and its stockholders.

The
Plan is administered and interpreted by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company (the &ldquo;Board&rdquo;)
(or a subcommittee thereof)
 or such other committee of the Board (including
 without limitation
 the full Board) to which the
Board has delegated power to act under or pursuant to the provisions of the Plan (the &ldquo;Committee&rdquo;). The Committee may
delegate authority to one or more subcommittees as it deems appropriate. If a subcommittee is appointed
 all references in this
Agreement to the &ldquo;Committee&rdquo; shall be deemed to refer to the committee.

NOW
 THEREFORE
the parties to this Agreement
 intending to be legally bound hereby
 agree as follows:

Grant
. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Plan
 the Company hereby grants to
 shares of common stock
of the Company (&ldquo;


vested and exercisable according to Paragraph 2 below.

.
The Option shall become vested and exercisable
 according to the following vesting schedule
 if the Participant continues to be
employed by
 or provide service to
 the Company from the Date of Grant until the applicable vesting date:



    
    
    

]
[
    
    



shall be cumulative
 but shall not exceed 100% of the shares subject to the Option granted above. If the foregoing schedule would
produce fractional shares
 the portion of the Option that vests shall be rounded down to the nearest whole share.


    
    


Term
of Option


Option shall have a term of 10 years from the Date of Grant and shall terminate at the expiration of that period
 unless it is
terminated at an earlier date pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement or the Plan.


a later termination date is provided for in a Company-sponsored plan
 policy or arrangement
 or any agreement to which the Company
is a party
 the Option shall automatically terminate upon the happening of the first of the following events:


expiration of the 10 year term from the date of grant;


expiration of the one (1) year period after the Participant ceases to be employed by
 or provide service to
 the Company on account
of the Participant&rsquo;s death or Disability; or


date on which the Participant ceases to be employed by
 or provide services to
 the Company on account of a termination by the
Company for Cause. In addition
 notwithstanding the prior provisions of this Paragraph 3
 if the Company determines that the Participant
has engaged in conduct that constitutes Cause at any time while the Participant is employed by
 or providing services to
 the Company
or after the Participant&rsquo;s termination of employment or services
 the Option shall terminate as of the date on which such
Cause first occurred.


 in no event
may the Option be exercised after the date that is immediately before the tenth anniversary of the Date of Grant. Any portion of
the Option that is not vested and exercisable at the time the Participant ceases to be employed by
 or provide service to
 the
Company shall immediately terminate.


the purposes of this Agreement
 the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below:


shall mean a Participant&rsquo;s becoming disabled within the meaning of the Company&rsquo;s long-term disability plan applicable
to the Participant
 or as otherwise determined by the Committee.


shall mean
 except to the extent specified otherwise by the Committee or as defined in any other agreement between the Participant
and the Company
 a finding by the Committee that the Participant has (i) been convicted of a felony or crime involving moral turpitude;
(ii) engaged in willful and continued negligence in the performance of the duties assigned to the Participant by the Company
 after
the Participant has received notice of and failed to cure such negligence; or (iii) breached any written confidentiality
 noncompetition
or nonsolicitation agreement between the Participant and the Company.


    
    


Exercise
Procedures


to the provisions of Paragraphs 2 and 3 above
 the Participant may exercise part or all of the vested Option by giving the Company
written notice of intent to exercise in the manner provided in this Agreement
 specifying the number of Shares as to which the
Option is to be exercised. At such time as the Committee shall determine
 the Participant shall pay the exercise price (i) in cash
or (ii) by such other method as the Company may approve. The Company may impose from time to time such limitations as it deems
appropriate on the use of Shares of the Company to exercise the Option.


obligation of the Company to deliver Shares upon exercise of the Option shall be subject to all applicable laws
 rules
 and regulations
and such approvals by governmental agencies as may be deemed appropriate by the Company
 including such actions as Company counsel
shall deem necessary or appropriate to comply with relevant securities laws and regulations.


obligations of the Company under this Agreement shall be subject to the rights of the Company as set forth in the Plan to withhold
amounts required to be withheld for any taxes
 if applicable. Subject to Committee approval
 the Participant may elect to satisfy
any tax withholding obligation of the Company with respect to the Option by having Shares withheld up to an amount that does not
exceed the minimum applicable withholding tax rate for federal (including FICA)
 state and local tax liabilities.

Change
. The provisions of the Plan applicable to a Change in Control or other corporate transaction (as described in
Sections 8 and 9 of the Plan) shall apply to the Option.

Restrictions
. Except as the Company may otherwise permit pursuant to the Plan
 only the Participant may exercise the Option
during the Participant&rsquo;s lifetime and
 after the Participant&rsquo;s death
 the Option shall be exercisable (subject to the
limitations specified in the Plan) solely by the legal representatives of the Participant
 or by the person who acquires the right
to exercise the Option by will or by the laws of descent and distribution
 to the extent that the Option is vested and exercisable
pursuant to this Agreement.

.
The provisions of the Plan applicable to Adjustments (as described in Section 4 of the Plan) shall apply to the Option.

Grant
. This grant is made pursuant to the Plan
 the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference
and in all respects shall be interpreted in accordance with the Plan. The grant and exercise of the Option are subject to interpretations
regulations and determinations concerning the Plan established from time to time by the Committee in accordance with the provisions
of the Plan
 including
 but not limited to
 provisions pertaining to (i) rights and obligations with respect to withholding taxes
(ii) the registration
 qualification or listing of the Shares
 (iii) changes in capitalization of the Company and (iv) other requirements
of applicable law. The Committee shall have the authority to interpret and construe the Option pursuant to the terms of the Plan
and its decisions shall be conclusive as to any questions arising hereunder.


    
    


No
. The grant of the Option shall not confer upon the Participant any right to be retained by or
in the employ or service of the Company and shall not interfere in any way with the right of the Company to terminate the Participant&rsquo;s
employment or service at any time. The right of the Company to terminate at will the Participant&rsquo;s employment or service
at any time for any reason is specifically reserved.

No
. Neither the Participant
 nor any person entitled to exercise the Participant&rsquo;s rights in the
event of the Participant&rsquo;s death
 shall have any of the rights and privileges of a shareholder with respect to the Shares
subject to the Option
 until certificates for Shares have been issued upon the exercise of the Option.

Assignment
. Except as the Committee may otherwise permit pursuant to the Plan
 the rights and interests of the Participant
under this Agreement may not be sold
 assigned
 encumbered or otherwise transferred except
 in the event of the death of the Participant
by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. In the event of any attempt by the Participant to alienate
 assign
 pledge
hypothecate
 or otherwise dispose of the Option or any right hereunder
 except as provided for in this Agreement
 or in the event
of the levy or any attachment
 execution or similar process upon the rights or interests hereby conferred
 the Company may terminate
the Option by notice to the Participant
 and the Option and all rights hereunder shall thereupon become null and void. The rights
and protections of the Company hereunder shall extend to any successors or assigns of the Company and to the Company&rsquo;s parents
subsidiaries
 and affiliates. This Agreement may be assigned by the Company without the Participant&rsquo;s consent.

Applicable
. The validity
 construction
 interpretation and effect of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of Delaware
 without giving effect to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof.

.
Any notice to the Company provided for in this Agreement shall be addressed to the Company in care of the Committee
 and any notice
to the Participant shall be addressed to such Participant at the current address shown on the payroll of the Company
 or to such
other address as the Participant may designate to the Company in writing. Any notice shall be delivered by hand
 sent by telecopy
or enclosed in a properly sealed envelope addressed as stated above
 deposited
 postage prepaid
 in a post office regularly maintained
by the United States Postal Service.


    
    



the Company has caused its duly authorized officer to execute this Agreement
 and the Participant has executed this Agreement
effective as of the Date of Grant.



    

 Inc.

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



this Agreement
 and I agree to be bound by the terms of the Plan and this Agreement. I hereby further agree that all the decisions
and determinations of the Committee shall be final and binding.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    














     






 INC.

AMENDED AND RESTATED 2012 SHARE INCENTIVE
PLAN

PERFORMANCE-BASED DEFERRED
SHARE AWARD AGREEMENT


&rdquo;)
&rdquo;) of the Company under the
Medifast
&rdquo;). The terms of the grant are set forth
&rdquo;). The following provides a
summary of the key terms of the Agreement; however
 you should read the entire Agreement along with the terms of the Plan
 to fully
understand the Agreement.

SUMMARY OF PERFORMANCE-BASED DEFERRED
SHARE 




    
    

    
    

    
    
[_______]

    
    

    
    

    
    



description of certain provisions of the Agreement and is not intended to be complete. In the event any aspect of this summary
conflicts with the terms of the Agreement
 the terms of the Agreement shall govern.


    
    


PERFORMANCE-BASED
DEFERRED SHARE AWARD AGREEMENT


&rdquo;)
 dated as of [_________]
&rdquo;)
is delivered by Medifast
&rdquo;)
 to [______________] (the &ldquo;


to provide the Participant a deferred share award under the Medifast
 Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Share Incentive Plan (the
&rdquo;) and in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. Capitalized terms that
are used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings accorded to such terms in the Plan.


intending to be legally bound hereby
 agree as follows:

Grant
of Deferred Share Award


&rdquo;)
 subject to certain restrictions
 terms and conditions
as set forth in this Agreement. Each vested Deferred Share entitles the Participant to receive the one Share
 such Share subject
to the transfer restrictions as described in Paragraph 3 until such Share is vested
 as described in Paragraph 2 below.

Vesting
of Award; Dividend Equivalents


 attached hereto based on the Company&rsquo;s performance
during the [_______] fiscal year. Immediately following the end of the [_______] fiscal year
 the Board shall determine the extent
to which the performance goals have been satisfied and the number of Deferred Shares that the Participant has earned with respect
to the Award. To the extent the Deferred Shares are earned
 the Deferred Shares will be deemed to vest on [_______]
[_______] (the
&ldquo;


&rdquo;) shall be delivered
no later than [_______]
[_______]. Such Earned Shares shall be subject to forfeiture and transfer restrictions and shall vest on
[_______]
&rdquo;)
 if the Participant continues to be employed by
 or provide
service to
 the Company from the Date of Grant until the Subsequent Vesting Date. The Participant will be entitled to exercise
voting rights with respect to the Earned Shares prior to the Subsequent Vesting Date.


in a Company-sponsored plan
 policy or arrangement
 or any agreement to which the Company is a party
 the Participant shall forfeit
the Award or the Earned Shares in the event the Participant ceases to be employed by
 or provide service to
 the Company prior
to the Initial Vesting Date or the Subsequent Vesting Date
 as applicable.


    
    





and Earned Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement may not be assigned
 transferred
 hypothecated
 or encumbered
 in whole or
in part
 either directly or by operation of law or otherwise
 including
 but not limited to
 by execution
 levy
 garnishment
 attachment
pledge
 bankruptcy
 or in any other manner
 except transfer by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. All rights with
respect to this Award shall be exercisable during the Participant&rsquo;s lifetime only by the Participant or the Participant&rsquo;s
guardian or legal representative.

Dividend
Equivalents


date for each cash dividend on the Shares

Dividends
Earned Shares
 as applicable
 in respect of which they were credited and shall be settled in accordance with
 and at the time of
settlement of the vested Earned Shares to which they are related. Cash Dividends applicable to Deferred Shares and/or Earned Shares
that are subsequently forfeited shall be forfeited. If the Participant&rsquo;s vested Earned Shares have been settled after the
record date but prior to the dividend payment date
 any Cash Dividends that would be credited pursuant to this Section 4 shall
be settled on or as soon as practicable after the dividend payment date.

No
Stockholder Rights Prior to Settlement; Issuance of Certificates


Participant shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any Shares represented by the Deferred Shares until the date
of issuance of the Earned Shares (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer
agent of the Company)
 if applicable. Unless otherwise required by the Plan or this Agreement
 no adjustment shall be made for
dividends
 distributions
 or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date
 if any
 that Shares are issued.


certificates representing the Earned Shares may be issued by the Company and held in escrow by the Company until the Earned Shares
vest
 or the Company may hold non-certificated shares until the Earned Shares vest.


the Participant obtains a vested right to the Earned Shares
 a certificate representing the vested shares shall be issued to the
Participant
 free of the restrictions under Section 3 of this Agreement.


obligation of the Company to deliver shares upon the vesting of the Award shall be subject to all applicable laws
 rules
 and regulations
and such approvals by governmental agencies as may be deemed appropriately to comply with relevant securities laws and regulations.

Change
in Control


Plan applicable to a Change in Control or other corporate transaction (as described in Sections 8 and 9 of the Plan) shall apply
to the Award.


    
    


.



be required to pay to the Company
 or make other arrangements satisfactory to the Company to provide for the payment of
 any federal
state
 local or other taxes that the Company is required to withhold with respect to the grant or vesting of the Award. Subject
to Committee approval
 the Participant may elect to satisfy any tax withholding obligation of the Company with respect to the Award
by having shares withheld up to an amount that does not exceed the minimum applicable withholding tax rate for federal (including
FICA)
 state
 local and other tax liabilities.



No
Right to Employment
in the employ of the Company or any other employment right.

Award
Subject to Plan
The terms and provisions of the Plan
 as they may be amended from time to time
 are hereby incorporated herein by reference. In
the event of a conflict between any term or provision contained herein and a term or provision of the Plan
 the applicable terms
and provisions of the Plan will govern and prevail.

Committee
Authority
the Committee shall be final and binding on the Participant
 his or her beneficiaries and any other person having or claiming an
interest in the Award.

.
If any provision of this Agreement is or becomes or is deemed to be invalid
 illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction or would
disqualify this Agreement or the Award under any applicable law
 such provision shall be construed or deemed amended to conform
to applicable law (or if such provision cannot be so construed or deemed amended without materially altering the purpose or intent
of this Agreement and the grant of the Award hereunder
 such provision shall be stricken as to such jurisdiction and the remainder
of this Agreement and the award shall remain in full force and effect).

.
Any notice to be given to Company under the terms of this Agreement shall be addressed to the Company
 at the attention of the
Committee
 at its principal place of business
 and any notice to be given to Participant may be sent to Participant&rsquo;s address
as it appears in the payroll records of the Company
 or at such other addresses as either party may designate in writing to the
other

Governing
Law
 construction
 interpretation and effect of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of Delaware
 without giving effect to the conflict of laws provisions thereof

.
The Participant accepts the Award subject to all the terms and provisions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of the
Plan.


    
    


.
Headings are given to the paragraphs and subparagraphs of this Agreement solely as a convenience to facilitate reference. Such
headings shall not be deemed in any way material or relevant to the construction or interpretation of this Agreement or any provision
thereof.

.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts
 each of which will be deemed to be an original copy of this Agreement
and all of which
 when taken together
 will be deemed to constitute one and the same agreement. Facsimile or other electronic transmission
of any signed original document or retransmission of any signed facsimile or other electronic transmission will be deemed the same
as delivery of an original.

Complete
Agreement
 this Agreement and those agreements and documents expressly referred to
herein embody the complete agreement and understanding among the parties and supersede and preempt any prior understandings
 agreements
or representations by or among the parties
 written or oral
 which may have related to the subject matter hereof in any way. The
terms of this Agreement shall be binding upon the executors
 administrators
 heirs
 successors and assigns of the Participant.




    
    



the Company and Participant have executed this Agreement as of the grant date shown above.




    
Medifast
 Inc.

    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


Signature Page to
Performance-Based Deferred Share Award Agreement


    
    




 Performance
Goals


    















     






 Inc.



    
    
    

Jason Enterprises
 Inc.
    
    

Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
    
    

Jason Properties
 LLC
    
    

Medifast DISC
 Inc.
    
    

Medifast Franchise Systems
 Inc.
    
    

Medifast Franchise Systems
 Inc. Canada
    
Ontario
 Canada

Medifast Nutrition
 Inc.
    
Ontario
 Canada

Seven Crondall Associates
 LLC
    
    

Six Crondall Associates
 LLC
    
    

Take Shape For Life
 LLC
    
    



    














     





Consent of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm


Statement No. 333-187974 on Form S-8 of Medifast
 Inc. of our reports dated March 15
 2016
 relating to our audits of the consolidated
financial statements and internal control over financial reporting
 which appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Medifast
Inc. for the year ended December 31
 2015.




 Maryland

 2016


    













     







 Michael C. MacDonald
 certify that:


I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Medifast




Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made




Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other
financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for




The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant




Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during




Designed such internal control over financial reporting
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance




Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures




Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect




The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors




All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s
ability to record
 process




Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management




March 15
 2016



Michael
    C. MacDonald
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    














     







Timothy G. Robinson certify that:


I have reviewed this report
on Form 10-K of Medifast
 Inc.;



Based on my knowledge
 this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report;



Based on my knowledge
 the
financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;



The registrant&rsquo;s other
certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:



Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within
those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;



Designed such internal control
over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;



Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and



Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and



The registrant&rsquo;s other
certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to
the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions):



All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and



Any fraud
 whether or not
material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over
financial reporting.



March 15
 2016



/s/&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Timothy
    G. Robinson
    

    
    

    
        
    



    














     





CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350


SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002


Medifast
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2015 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I Michael C. MacDonald
 Chief Executive Officer and I Timothy
G. Robinson
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 to the best of my knowledge
 that:


The Report fully complies with the
                                         requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended;
                                         and


The information contained in the report
                                         fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of the
                                         operations of the Company.



    
    
    

    
    

    
    

March 15
 2016
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    

March 15
 2016
    




    











begin 644 graph1.jpg

# P
!PD.#PT
#@L
# S_

# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
M# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#]_**** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HK#^)OQ+T'X
_#K7/%OBK5;3



M6A]E45\5_$G_ (+N?!_X7?\ !-[PK^T_?Z%\1;CP1XOU)M)L](MM.M&UZ*X2


N5^4

MIOCKX=:W\(
OXP\



J.=C%
M@6V-QC!)+3F;^S%2?E%[/T8N963[MQ^:U:]4?35%?FQX-_X.:/ OQ*\!7?BW

M=N


.[=I=.T+Q#
MHMOKT37Y2%[6VF@6<&;#%%*HWS88J,'DCFOAH_\ !RU\/[2EU7_ (0SX]-\


DWP_/MWY'S(PQQ2BG)-


ZCNW4P#<63<2/NAB0#^B'@KQGI?Q&\':3XAT._M]4T






_L0?\

M_P '%GP6^+7[






%'DNK)*5D8*RD L.:^:_!7_!S;\.O'FE^*]1LOV=/V

MRM:_W77WDP]^
9PU4K6\[WM]]F?I-17RG^R?_P %@/AI^UY^T!H'PVT71/'.



M0X=Y  @)P:]S_;E_;D7]ASPIHFK2?3XW_%I-:N)8&M_AOX6_MZXTT1H'
M



GC+X
_M'_








MK9;BG)J

LS1EB%*D


'[1&L0




M1OAW+\7]-\.:[X



+3LO5Q3UVC[BTU7\__PT]:'4?!/Q;^ 
EC




TGCGX-^$/B?K?


I7;=]'R4XV5FE&R:6A_.5^R;

MSJ]@KRFY*!5%QYS2B10JA9 RA5  'ZT^ ? ?PU^ VG6'P[\+Z-X&\&6FJQ7E


YO@C]BWX.?#.?PW+X;^$
MWPT\/R^#9[FYT!]-\+V-HVARW*A;B2U



BN
M4B8I(L4DS
YM:QR U[QX_:CT#X!?\ !77]G[XV_&O1=-^$'@KXP_LY:?H/









?A-I_C#3&;5




HA?.5
7'4U^T'[(

T8V#(W Y;/
'P?'XJOKS3HM0M6N42ZATL7CD2(94F2
M9;<.-XE5PI# GUZMJE64N9M:R<V^OQ3E4LK[64EM:^_5WA05XZZ)02Z?#
+

M;PWI_B2..S::*&9;F6;687N47=;K%;,KLR@2[69?U?_ .;OQ3\9_'_ /X)

C1 !4

M+




MTH?R4W#KNY1DWY_#U[KLBZDXS=6:^W.

HO'=VH$4GG2K')LJR)P00,G]C/AQ^Q[\)/@YK.C:EX1^%
MOPY\*ZCX=M)K#2KK1_#5E8S:9;S2-)-# \4:M%')(S.R(0&9B2235#7?WP
M0_:^(%E=:GIWPJ\;^*I=


EE
?A9
M\.OD*0JTKVNAZ)H\32!$0$^7#ID=5 X!9P!R:WQ
XU(5H2T4Y7OULTU:3Z
MN-WRO^]*_=\ME*+I-:N,;6Z7TUBNG-:TE_=C:VQ^7W_  1-_;[^!/[O_!



MA2+Q]K5IH^K6%K;PSNIZE*'C2..8N,0!7+#ALUU7[07QH^ MW^SS::A\5?

TIU)J4:T[

U57=_O-[?X;Z_S:7L?!^K?'_P%^V=_


=(^#EKX5URXV7E]\.K734T_4)X05Q
M))8CRY'3<1AB2NXCC-<KX57]D;1_BSX=^$VB#]G*U\=^=5FU'0?!MC_ &+'
MJV@ZB4

M-2HY4:MG9RE&5UT=.'+'7_%&

MW*^OZL]I:-*FG:= \4#2
J#Y44RQJ
#J54#+ONG_@H?^UG\*_VX?^DO[!_





^)'Q7^&OP_U+4?CSK=U:

M ^F_M*:;\






L[?3;<]?D
M6
R(


M6T9#$C**54)A2HQC J7Q#^S[X\6_!V/X=ZMX(\(:GX BM8+%/#-WHUM/HR




M3[0OYUY8VOB4W%RH E@L4;N1Z(3VKWO_@LC_P %*_V??VVO^0
?PY^$_BW



M

M_EBST]I;NYS$GE2
\FPJS.)  



GDX
MK]H?V5/^B'[/_Q\%^ /6@?'/X.ZYXKOM*LK*VT;3_ !GIMSJ%Q.+= 8D@
M28R




M^%:^
=1U[Q/'I?B;^Q8-9_LB06=FQD^R3D1S94


MI
IWF 

M=2\#.JJ&





M:_@$[N2S

M%L\O[+]EV^5Y.SY?+V[=O&


X?9-8:-%?%[-TGVL^;5=;VG+_ 
E\[_B;\'OA

MT:CTT75B)^TG.I'1R=5^7[Q3479?:CS6OU3EU=S\2?BSH'BC]B[_ (*D_LG_


MX')16C*D[%]!765I2DXT5&;O/FDW+J[QA!7\^6YG]IMOJ8U()UG4CI%I*W
M9J4Y/Y7F^5=%ITBBBI*BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB




MW
J2SDW#VB;_ #&0!N9^(OC?XH^
_@W\3?&?C/QM\4O#WCCX7?L[^&O&]GI]

M^\_-M[Z:1CNXJ1HZD.=OE]UMZ=DZD9\J[+E3@UV;M97B_P W_P!K_P,UKI_
MQ_\ %:^(_BMXT\'?$S3_ !;X,MO GA?2O%E[IT&K^'[BXTP75RNF0R&^CEN
M)M3AGN)(7:%8%3?&J*S/_;'\::G\%/\ @I=\0?'NA+


M@T^Y\8:P^@)/;E6@F_LC[5_9QDC=4D5S;EEE19 ?
4
/3ZF/*Z:A-=7==XM)
M-7Z.23N[6NVTM6C*
I1A**=VXQ5WOS1:E=K5-)Q5D^FCND?CM?:_J/[/?[)/
MPN\*6OB+2?!7PIM/&OQ+L;[4M3^*.I_#6U6^M=?NX]
MSJ^GV]Q-YAA-](EJ

MO;:
4[M)K:%90JJI%;-O?O44[7WM9.+[IO:[O^5'A'2I?B[^T[\*E\0Z[XUN

SX _MCM
MXC^


$O





$(?%WQ
M%LY/#Q^




OC;K
MWQW^&/[


_B-K$6K:O=
1;:-;BYN&@










MHFL^.O'UG\1/B)XF\-^-K;Q7X-A^'GA2U\2W=M9Z_HS7&E2S7*Z2KBWO@;V3



M\0:EX]GN+#5-9T:;5]/0-X6UIV9[6&YM7D#1[@-LZ;2RM\P!4^8?MK?#3Q_^


/#.A^+/#B:;



MGC6.5G=IY]VHHJ)2N_NWW=EN_-[O;7HB$K7\VWILKN]DNB6R716BBBI&%%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444

MZJP!_P!5&3N()4J#T9\*

M))^+/PT_X5V;C[(/%/\ PD]C_8IFW^7Y7VSS?)W[_EV[\[N.M+F35^FC^3=D

:RPS1.'CE1AE65AP0000
M1P0:EJFFG9B335T%%%%( HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

M].C36Z::/QZ_:J^#VN?MQ^)OVA+#P/\ #'QW\*[OP?X1\3^%_AUH4?PXU;0[
M?QG=7TL-QK.KW%^UI'I_^FM;B*WB
QDE+R32?

M

[

MZ***R+BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *\)^.W_  4C^$7[

,M ^)NE_KQ4ND^/B%<ZMI?@'4_%.DZAX
MPUQN_QTFXO+K5);UX;J5;QMT:W-^[I;(8U9%6*$8J<O8N37O*-[6^U[5PM
MZ.*4EV3YG[NAK.,54Y8[7E]RI*2]&YMQ[:./Q;_J/\/?B%HGQ9\:/XG\-:K



 8

M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H

NBOVK5-/T

MXS\0;_[4U[3= M+35-2WL&?S[F.

M7TS7--E=XTN]/NH[F!V1BCJ'0E258%2
\$$'FM.O/M6_9K\._P#26&LZVH



M/\-?K1SJ/BGQ%H?AO3QG_2=5OXK.'@9/SR,HX'/6N0^-G[7WP^_9ZN]-M?%
M&MW,-[K$!N;&TT[2KS5KJ[B! +I#:12R,O(Y]
GH#0!Z706V@DG '4UYMX0
M_:6@^)7PIUKQ5X7\$_$K5CI3M%;Z-J'AV;PUJVK.%5L00ZQ]C !W8#S-&A*L


8XH ]XHKS;XV_LI^&/V@=6L;W7M


MO@:UU3XD2Z+K

M_HU]
%C6


1HK.V0X^].--;R=EZV;^6B;N]$$M(2J



M114%!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44

M-^
'N[;4-.U'6I5@6$0Z;/&\+1PI+)*)+I&)+VICC!W-*@!H^(_B#XG^)?Q
MN?#/@F


M%$?@_HGC*;PUIWBY?&GB:VF^SW.C^#=/NO%%]8R9P5N8M/CF-MCN9]@ Y) Y






M** BBB@ KXV_P"AG_!,'Q+^WK\?OAOJFH_$#2+?X

M@;PSJ.K:7X
6-[?7/&_AGQ+!:WUG?6]ZB3:/;B
//'

I8
MP %;Q%JMO^VR-5\


N;[4+I+:VM




DD






M[FWL=8-HTDEF+ZU1Q#=?9Y97DC



M?[65WI_@&#XM^'K;Q-XR^
/B'17U[P2FD:I_PC.AV6@RZE:6]J989X)HY9X7
MC6ZGBD
J13E2& 


M72Z[
1.


MF.*156


MQ-=V-N@MQ&0T

:KO+



#


M%VA^*9;VZM9=-T?Q39TM[% 5GA6[LT\S
GRLKR12E&!X8
 H!ZE17F&I?M
M0V/@36+VW\=:!K_@2Q.O1:#I&JZ@(+K3]=:8

MBB@ HHKQ+]IO]I+_ (00:MI6G:_;^#G\+PZ?K/B'Q)K&BSW.E:?I\MT(S;0N

MN\BRT^U2VMH=SEVVQH JY=F8X')8GJ:\7_8\\?6E_9VWAWP#\(/%?@CX6:;;
MS3VNMZ_!_9$FIW$DOF


BM
M$7Q\PVDI7JE% ')_!KX#^OV=_Z!X$\*Z!X1T<2&9K72;&.UCEE/WI9-@!


MYEM
]O$)8@REE'RO&X610#O:*X3P'\;XM;\77GAKQ%8'PCXF74+ZWTK3]0O;

&\$!H7?8X'RL_=T %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !











#DX)XKT3]GRXU2Z\2_$N36;2QL-2;Q/%Y


MJXE$4+F!I$$4;L?];






M/BWI%K:FWTV^U+5_&.A+M\*V$5J'D+3^?*;FT9H$\PAUDB4@IY[M@'T[PKXK
MTOQUX:L-:T34K#6='U2!+JROK&X2XMKN)QE)(Y$)5T8$$
I((-7Z\N\9?LWO



8(Y!;PW]Z97=

MX@MD-JBKF-E$5Y.)












@D=#5NN ^(

^%&

?4X+6?4 1<S

UX\


M !17
_&;XM:/\!_A1XB\9^()98M'\




M7FWQ6^&_Q'\?^'O#]OH7Q+A\!WUM?[:N=-\.V]\U_*5C&8!=M(L*PE(#+*
M3O7)^4[E^&WP#UCPIX&\0:+XF^*7Q$^($OB*)HGU#5'T_3;O3E:
HPM'TNTM



M-M;PSWA#3R)&JO
0
 L1RQ XYH ^?;3]I_XG^#/A5X4UJX^&6L?&(^(ENIGO

K$'()% 'D7@[]G'X

(. 
^4%SC)

M[J[QLR.$92K(A5=*_92TC2?['V^*_BA/_8NF7.EQ^?XUU.7[4D_F[I9\S?OI
K60U 2_VBUE=W.HB%6NFG





TX.!)X%T634M

 D)

MPJ_[LP;@?




M!/





MY)0.XCU2#355B.BF0@'@M@;C[_10!X!_P\*TCP[QXP^&'QW\%








)5U4
-L;9! -?F/:_ GQ_P#M


5&<C(/KM% 'BWCK]D77O&OC#4=6A^.WQJT&_G:9-.TRY



Y+6L3!07D8_65% !1110 4444 %%%% !



AMG@B$=S;P#$05&\O9(?K__ ()J^!/V
=,Y(!6?<
M!MP=P+D_X87UJY^2\_:$_: O(#]Z+^U=+MMWI\\&GQR#!Y^5QGH<C((![_17
M@'_#NKVOR67[07[0%E#U\O^V-


M4?\ #R'P3:?+?^#?V@+0\JO_F/%EYN'KNMM/E4?1B#[8H ]_HKP#_AY9\.






SB.5E 5
MI:

M\8WMS

 RL
X*GD$$51^$7
M_)0/BE_V
SG.CZ8
MQW2S.\C<DXW,<# &  !V8A0562I_#=V]+Z'/2<G3BY;V5STFFSP)=0/%*BR1
MR*5=& *L
']QEO/ASJ4YBTB09R
MQTJ;!.FS'J(@&M'(QY<#.\X] ^!_[1OAWX\V^H0:<;[2O$6A,D6M^'-7A%KK
M&AR,#M6X@R<*V4E0O#*HW1R2+AJ[RO/?CA^S5H/QON-/U22XU+PWXQT)7&C


M.H3?9=.LH89+O4-7N






MUAK.C:S:RV-_87UNEQ:WUO*A22&6-P5DC=&965@0P)!!!J_10!XCX0_X)F?L
MW_#[Q7IFO:#^S[\$=$US1;J.^T_4=/\  NEVUW8W$;AXYHI4@#QR(P#*RD%2
M 0017MU%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%




^T^<OF
%S




M-:L_$SZIX4\=:38-
\6:#*MKJUC&3N
)9E:.XMRW)M[E)86.&

ME?%?[


/%:^$M(L=







M_9L^_A?P!X2M)+'PUX/TV'2M-@DF::1(8DKN=B69CC)8\DDFJ/PB_Y*!\4
MO^QG@_\ 3+I==W7?+_ )*!\4O^QG@_]

M%%0





WQ
M4_;)^%W@[QI\)_&\6FMX
\4ZO)HWPN^-5UI*ZM/;WWAV%+MKI)-(E=;=;J9%


M*SD_UVA^$8E\&Z/+_P #MG?4]O8HVH
C#AE89R =9\8?VRO ?P;\3+X;N-2N

26_A/PY:OJVNS*?NN;:$
T
1. 9Y_+A7JTBC)KD_^$7^



M1^%OCWP=K?AW7?AKX UKP_XFU

I+.2BGS7!?
MY1SP*Q5.7LN2_P!CD]'[2


MY/VB-_+W^7'NVXW;%SG P? S]E'X6_LP)JB_#3X:^ ?AX-;


M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** *EKXAL+[6;S38;ZTFU


M(4)*




K$Y&0

M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH J6OA^PL=9O-2AL;2'4=02..ZNDA59KE8]WE
MJ[@;F;VV@DXW'&
FK=8?Q

VI:G?W+;8;.


\'_IETNKG&46X





=-.;?^
M]'E?IIZ:VO=)6\J_X)S_ +-FO_LJ_P#!/WX7_#'Q%?HOB7PKX:@TZ_N;*43I

MI1!% &P; A?W4
2X7 ^7.



!-

^

FI7&F6UE'YWFR7DEI
M9Q332
#%$& V9F01E/W^3E^U)17JW97[7[][Q^-.*)^[SW^S%R?HD_\ )Z;V






S1KYO25$27+WE!*[


MDI?)J#3ULK/GCKMO=Z


M#^]77FO1V:V:3T%&5_E=?-.SVT?JKI[IM'?\*B\0?\ 14O'?_@)HO\ \@4?
M\*B\0?\ 14O'?_@)HO\ \@5W=%2,X3_A47B#_HJ7CO\ \!-%_P#DC_A47B#




















M3=3W')/[+2?S2:]?B6VN[M:


9RL@$I8553VK_ ()I_M5Z

N1*&

MWU:NDV?1]%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 ?(WC




MO[-+[Q'X?NO*^U:;?.UJR&*8P1$O D

M84MX(ESMCC10JJ



M1II^C5FOFF?

M$LK5Y]

M%(YGBT^:P2.X#1MOC$



'K)RZNWX))
M?@DOD%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !7AOQ&_8+T#Q_\6OB9XXM_%OCSPOXG^*/@








MN4G=LF
5%*





_A*Q\/0_%'



M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH X3XX_


M45]K!\-_$_Q-X=M;^XBM(+-)GM;#4((/

DXS7I_PI^&&A?!



@


M75;(1BVU V4-REK]K18D3S_*\QDW(S
KNK=CJP=?G:]UU)2:[Q=2ZC\H.:MH
ME)IW=KG



;&5 K()2ZC
M?Z3_ 

MV5E?:8UBC6





M3BH*IK:




M9]2M ?WBSJG?W7_!1CX?VFK263^'OCNTT4Q@+)\$?&DD)8-MR)%THH5S_$&*

 _$-GXFFU+X<^--):W\ZWTFYT[#Q:9?6=M$[IY<,#S-;3N
M9Y0V)?TKKPCP1_P3/^OPZ^

M47^HWL/Q?L=6U9(-&_L_1EWVNE?84C&]H0DC1722JD;

C'0DM8[/[0/*X
MG#&$(

M






;X%_%6;




2)%%$H1$10JHH&  !T

M#U#Q5)HVD:A/H\
F+B.S;^R((9+DH\O]H!49/.;GYC7Z^5QG@3]GWPA\-/BM



M'UQXGL_AQXKT/P7XKT?1/A[XAUF]U.2XMK:34=4AUFT!TVQCM6NE=;2X1Y)8
M[=V\R/S$ XWQ7_P72^







E]IP\[

M26O?\$XO@UXB\$:OX?N/,L5EK7C&;X@2W%IK6H6FH6FOS2234;2]BG6YLY
MBP(S;21@*S* %9E+M=_X)T_!W7_@EX9^'K^%+FQ\-^#=4&N:
VF:YJ.FZG8Z

R\



MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

RQ



\V8W

MFF:G:^&_M5MIYA8-8P_Z9-%&R2&=//\ 

SS[IF]8M-=^#7AGXRP_&GXE?C
MP_\ !3XBKH=X]UXH\;7GAJUU33["6VMBTUU;7\_R/\ :8XUD5V55_=R-&9(
MTD[3XC_&?]G2P^!MYXH\7^+/@I#\-?BO((KK5M8U/3%T+QB[VXAO-*WD7C-
M;VXCP2Y


M+^'OC+3=
[\6:7^S3/KOA;X0:K8?!]UKP5 FO\ A?P'/!I4E[HZ01NT=W8:<WS0A$5R
MLD2*% ;! S72Z+XS^&G[5?PQ^'^J:YIGA_4+7X@:3_;7A_1_$MM:RWDT
]EF




CJR2*X\O#*.'^('_!1;X\^&/BSX8\

S:L_5NZ:_EN

TWA/Q+J'@'5K+P_=7$=XEA/)




MH7MO!\RS)









M
LCOYD?GV<
M<D44;+&&+2/YQ,)@]/UKQ'^R5\4?V2KW4=1O_P!G7Q'\=.U+==W-S/HUYX2





5];Q%B=
B3
;1
0O*0J[]W!


:
MOX?\[5-/O=/2
7





M2ERTBI*:O):TK7;:Z+\$U^=I7WDTXNT7I\UVO[2GQ*O?^??P^^)OC&X\'W

MQM'):^?)(L9$.X/7VU+\+_#

M/I5O8Z3J4

H89A^\7W_ 


MH;!/-=



MT[6TLM_/F3O;K[O

_M
^ -
\1^+OASXEU:&:?PWK

K6E_':ZBX6-YY]OF*X8K
))-9Z'?OIT<=E)'<QFWN5W26\)E2
M%A$1 PE!3[ M/V./A%8?#B+P=!\*_AQ#X1@LKC38]#C\,V2Z;':W$R3SVXMQ
M'Y8BEFC21T[7=%8@D U!X@_8F^#/BSP'H_A75?A'\
=3\








MO$O@^4SZ#JVIZ/;W=]HDA*L7M9I$+P
2B$F



7GB&VF $L%Y+Y



_CX\ZYI^@-X$C\*_#ZW\+7&NV&JV=S+JWB(:YJLU@JV<Z7$<





36&18TM9I I
MD$;I];_S]DWX5_ RRM+;P3\-/A_X/M[[.H6T6A^';/3TM[DQ/9T$
:A9#
M%))&7&&*2

0=BS^!_@O3_  ]IND6_A#PO!I.BR3S:?91Z5 MO8O.LJ3O%




MY2KL05X/%2?#']E?X8?!/0M/TOP9\./ ?A+3-*U)]8LK31?#]I806=\\#6[W
M4:11JJ3M[Q&10&*.RD[2144ERIJ7\J7?6]_RTON]+VZW4=W==V_DUI^-E;9
M*[U=DN\HHHIBBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ KR3]M7


L[L$NW@$4R!]
MTJR
@X[Q+_P2A^


-7\&Q
!+K3+63P98S


?:U%$9--OJVG\

M:UB3Q!.+B-KR#[%LM_+?/G



I34K&QO67



M0Z/HGC+Q/X9T;PT]GJMU?L;?3M/DB@ULN+MQNO/LG[^(S[0L[6Z??M%5S^\I





MA4#=*PR?8OVWOA%XY^.'AW\-^'?WPJ\7:%J
4BWD?BZ\N;*XT*\5D:TU2S



\
M432H&R [11E@ 2BYP+U%:3J2E\7G^

5!;)6^X****@84444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5@_%#XHZ
M!\%O .I^*/%.J6^CZ%H\7FW5U-N(4$A5554%GD=V5$C0%W=E50S
 =ZO(_VV

M3]HS0;^_\+W6J

\/^+?M6I_#O5=;T&^UCQ79
M_P!E7

M\8_$SPOX \!6^G^
%UBTF7X;7
.IZI(]R+BZECNF0Q^7YEI'++/Y.QU/FK



^9X@T&QM-1OK7R9%\BWNGG2
Q[OAK]G7]@/Q#\1_@_P#/'EW

M





)V]Y[KM\*M

M[759+=;YN8_*F#PPSO(IMYP5!BDU='_P@_PDUW1OB)J%OXFO?LGPLLY-
M2\0R2Z#J

?BUX0_:.D'



!Z)7A7PG^#L/[*WCVWU




M_)7LMC[Z)V@D]JX_X/?'CPS\?/#=GK/A2[O]3TC4+&'4K6^?2[NUMKF&5I%0
MI)-&BLX

M3IRRZH[6$T44^R]GALKAK:Y=)/+EF50?WJ%I(8E;YO\ @Q^PY\;/@A\+=$\5

VGA_2[S6[:ZBFN8IM:@U&PDG$X#JEIJ









MG+XGM='&O7

M$73OAA=:-XK2^B^
IN1X0VZ?=(^J_9H7FGRK1!H/+2-MWGB/#83[[*IX+X6?


MHD: N[LJJ&9@#RWP&_:P\$_M)7VM67AFZU^#5O#ODMJ6DZ_X;U/PYJEI'
'\


?0_$?


FD&3?IJVH
M.([N]FF=S

M=U)IWLM4TOOJBOSAO?V#/&^@_P#!4OP?XU\._LZ'X0\(^)HK#5-(A\.6VB
MKX4_X1N:S2W4R2/KM'=R
V

M^M0NHO%UCX4\-^==TP7/AOQEJ/AF6.\GN=
-M S:?=6\\L;1V\YVMNB!C&
MX [*^2_BQ_P3B^

^%FB^&[A#J]B#'?V_AKQ+8S0[FFP




C2NKMVUBOONVWULDE=I-W


O$O@:RC\ ?LY2^ /!$MAJFGW/@:
M'6-&NKNWM+O6]!FG$-B]X-'AFDBM+Z=+







NSM^C+7*K;&;YF0+O^52S$8SP!R3[#FJ6D^*+76?M
MMK48O8+*ZM5O%%W9S6EQ'&R;_P!Y!*JRQN!U1U5U.00"*\&^/O[)D'QQ_:T
M^'WB?7O&D^)M\&^$-9CM9=12XCT[69+O2I;.6.*0DB91;3LDRJ?+*9#*6
[S2Z1;?3513MY7;Y;ZN_2R9^J$'[0G@^Y^$_AOQPNLK_PB_BXZ:NDWIMIE
M^V'4988K,
IYBF1YXA\RC;NRVT D=G7YAVG_!*B_P# OP.\/Z7#\$-!UR&+
MP[\.+[Q'H
0TF637-;TK597U1W^TS+#-=BRE=&GED FC/EB1P H] _8?_8X^

MWXPTN2_U=]






 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt; &lt;table style=MARGIN: 0in 0in 0in 0.13in; WIDTH: 80%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; OVERFLOW: visible cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=left&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=55%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=55%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Trade payables&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;11,264,000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;12,178,000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=55%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Sales commissions payable&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;4,245,000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;3,890,000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=55%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Accrued payroll and related taxes&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;3,440,000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;3,000,000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=55%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Dividends payable&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;3,013,000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=55%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Sales tax payable&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;542,000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;806,000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=55%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Accrued loan guarantee&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1,980,000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=55%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;22,504,000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;21,854,000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;We review the reserves for customer returns at each reporting period and adjust them to reflect data available at that time. To estimate reserves for returns, we consider actual return rates in preceding periods. To the extent the estimate of returns changes, we will adjust the reserve, which will impact the amount of product sales revenue recognized in the period of the adjustment. Our estimates for returns have not differed materially from our actual returns. The provision for estimated returns as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 was $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;323,000&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;Allowances for doubtful accounts are based primarily on an analysis of aged accounts receivable balances and the credit worthiness of our customers as determined by credit checks and analysis, as well as customer payment history. The allowance for doubtful accounts as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 was $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;94,000&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Advertising Costs -&lt;/b&gt; Advertising costs are expensed as incurred, except for the preparation, layout, design and production of advertising costs which are expensed when the advertisement is first used. Advertising expense for continuing operations, excluding broker fees, for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, amounted to $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;15&lt;/font&gt; million, $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;17&lt;/font&gt; million, and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property, Plant, and Equipment -&lt;/b&gt; Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table style=WIDTH: 93%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0.5in cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; WIDTH: 35%; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt; Building and building improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; WIDTH: 65%; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 10&lt;/font&gt; - &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;35&lt;/font&gt; years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt; Equipment and fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 3&lt;/font&gt; - &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;15&lt;/font&gt; years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt; Leasehold Improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Lease term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt; Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 5&lt;/font&gt; years&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;The depreciation life for leasehold improvements is the lesser of the estimated useful life of the addition or the term of the related lease.&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;table border=0 style=width:100%; table-layout:fixed; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif &gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;The calculation of diluted earnings per share excluded &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 69,375&lt;/font&gt;, &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 67,375&lt;/font&gt; and &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt; options outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013,&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table style=WIDTH: 93%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0.5in cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; WIDTH: 35%; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt; Building and building improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; WIDTH: 65%; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 10&lt;/font&gt; - &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;35&lt;/font&gt; years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt; Equipment and fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 3&lt;/font&gt; - &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;15&lt;/font&gt; years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt; Leasehold Improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Lease term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt; Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif&gt; &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif&gt; &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times

&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif&gt; &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;The total tax provision for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 was $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;9.9&lt;/font&gt; million, $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4.9&lt;/font&gt; million, $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times



 Times

 Times
 Serif&gt; &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif&gt; &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;The Company has separate company state net operating loss carry forwards totaling $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;10.9&lt;/font&gt; million start expiring in &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 2031&lt;/font&gt;.&amp;#160; Maryland state credits carry forwards totaling $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;201,000&lt;/font&gt; will begin to expire in &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Operating Leases -&lt;/b&gt; Medifast leases retail stores, distribution facilities, and office space under operating leases. Many of our lease agreements contain tenant improvement allowances, rent holidays, rent escalation clauses, and contingent rent provisions. The Company recognizes incentives and minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases. We commence recording rent expense on the date of initial possession, which is generally when we enter the space and begin to make improvements to properties for our intended use. For tenant improvement allowances and rent holidays, we record a deferred rent liability on the consolidated balance sheets and amortize the deferred rent over the terms of the leases as reductions to rent expense on the consolidated statements of income.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Principles of Consolidation&lt;/b&gt; - The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries, Jason Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Take Shape For Life, LLC, Seven Crondall Associates, LLC, Jason Properties, LLC, Medifast Franchise Systems, Inc., Medifast Nutrition, Inc. and Jason Enterprises, Inc. All inter-Company transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Reclassification&lt;/b&gt; &amp;#150; Certain amounts reported for prior periods have been reclassified to be consistent with the current period presentation. No reclassification in the consolidated financial statements had a material impact on the presentation.&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/b&gt; &amp;#150; The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/b&gt; - Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on deposit in financial institutions, institutional money funds and other short-term investments with a maturity of 90 days or less at the time of purchase.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Concentration of Credit Risk&lt;/b&gt; &amp;#150; Our cash and cash equivalents and available-for-sale securities are maintained at several financial institutions, and the balances with these financial institutions often exceed the amount of insurance provided on such accounts by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The cash and cash equivalents generally are maintained with financial institutions with reputable credit, and therefore bear minimal credit risk. Historically, we have not experienced any losses due to such concentration of credit risk.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments -&lt;/b&gt; Our financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, investment in available-for-sale securities, trade receivables and debt. The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, and trade receivables approximate fair value due to their short maturities. The fair values of investment in available-for-sale securities are based on dealer quotes. The Company believes that its indebtedness approximates fair value based on current yields for debt instruments with similar terms.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;We review the reserves for customer returns at each reporting period and adjust them to reflect data available at that time. To estimate reserves for returns, we consider actual return rates in preceding periods. To the extent the estimate of returns changes, we will adjust the reserve, which will impact the amount of product sales revenue recognized in the period of the adjustment. Our estimates for returns have not differed materially from our actual returns. The provision for estimated returns as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 was $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;323,000&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;Allowances for doubtful accounts are based primarily on an analysis of aged accounts receivable balances and the credit worthiness of our customers as determined by credit checks and analysis, as well as customer payment history. The allowance for doubtful accounts as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 was $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;94,000&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;64,000&lt;/font&gt;, respectively.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Inventory -&lt;/b&gt; Inventories consist principally of packaged meal replacements held in the Company&amp;#8217;s warehouses. Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or market, utilizing the first-in, first-out method. The cost of finished goods includes the cost of raw materials, packaging supplies, direct and indirect labor and other indirect manufacturing costs. On a quarterly basis, management reviews inventory for unsalable or obsolete inventory.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Investment Securities &amp;#150;&lt;/b&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s investments consist of debt and equity securities classified as available-for-sale securities. Available-for-sale securities are stated at fair value, and unrealized holding gains and losses, net of the related deferred tax effect, are reported as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income in stockholders' equity. Interest and dividends on marketable debt and equity securities are recognized in income when declared. Realized gains and losses, including losses from declines in value of specific securities determined by management to be other-than-temporary, if any, are included in income.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;Deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment.&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Advertising Costs -&lt;/b&gt; Advertising costs are expensed as incurred, except for the preparation, layout, design and production of advertising costs which are expensed when the advertisement is first used. Advertising expense for continuing operations, excluding broker fees, for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, amounted to $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;15&lt;/font&gt; million, $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;17&lt;/font&gt; million, and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;21&lt;/font&gt; million, respectively.&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;Operating Leases -&lt;/b&gt; Medifast leases retail stores, distribution facilities, and office space under operating leases. Many of our lease agreements contain tenant improvement allowances, rent holidays, rent escalation clauses, and contingent rent provisions. The Company recognizes incentives and minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases. We commence recording rent expense on the date of initial possession, which is generally when we enter the space and begin to make improvements to properties for our intended use. For tenant improvement allowances and rent holidays, we record a deferred rent liability on the consolidated balance sheets and amortize the deferred rent over the terms of the leases as reductions to rent expense on the consolidated statements of income.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;For scheduled rent escalation clauses during the lease terms or for rental payments commencing at a date other than the date of initial occupancy, we record minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases on the consolidated statements of income. Several leases provide for contingent rents, which are determined as a percentage of gross sales in excess of specified levels. We record a contingent rent liability on the consolidated balance sheets and the corresponding rent expense when we determine achieving the specified levels is probable.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;Clinic Opening Costs -&lt;/b&gt; Clinic opening costs were expensed as incurred.&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Clinic Closure Costs&lt;/b&gt;- Clinic closure costs are expensed and recognized as a liability at their fair value when incurred. One-time employee severance costs are expensed and recognized as a liability when the plan is finalized by management, approved and committed to by management, and communicated to the employee. Contractual costs that will continue to be incurred (operating leases) are recognized at the cease use date. The fair value of operating lease contracts is determined based on the present value of the remaining lease payments. Other costs associated with closing the clinic or relocating employees are expensed as incurred.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Property, Plant, and Equipment -&lt;/b&gt; Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table style=WIDTH: 93%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0.5in cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; WIDTH: 35%; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt; Building and building improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; WIDTH: 65%; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 10&lt;/font&gt; - &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;35&lt;/font&gt; years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt; Equipment and fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 3&lt;/font&gt; - &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;15&lt;/font&gt; years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt; Leasehold Improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Lease term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt; Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 5&lt;/font&gt; years&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;The depreciation life for leasehold improvements is the lesser of the estimated useful life of the addition or the term of the related lease.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;table border=0 style=width:100%; table-layout:fixed; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif &gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset.&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Revenue Recognition -&lt;/strong&gt; Revenue is recognized net of discounts, rebates, promotional adjustments, price adjustments, and estimated returns and upon transfer of title and risk to the customer which occurs at shipping (F.O.B. terms). Upon shipment, the Company has no further performance obligations and collection is reasonably assured as the majority of sales are paid prior to shipping. Medifast Weight Control Centers program fees were recognized over the estimated service period.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs&lt;/strong&gt; - Our shipping and handling costs for shipments of our product to our customers are included in cost of sales. All shipping and handling charges that are billed to customers are included in net revenue. All other shipping and handling costs are included in selling, general and administration expenses&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;The calculation of diluted earnings per share excluded &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 69,375&lt;/font&gt;, &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 67,375&lt;/font&gt; and &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt; options outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013,&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt; respectively, that could potentially dilute base earnings per share in the future.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;Share-Based Compensation -&lt;/strong&gt; Share-based compensation, primarily restricted stock awards and options granted to employees and directors. Restricted stock awards are measured at the grant date, based on the calculated fair value of the award, and are recognized as an expense over the requisite service period. The fair value of the incentive stock options and non-qualified stock options is calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model as of the grant date and recognized over the service period. The Company issues new shares upon the exercise of stock options and granting of restricted stock awards.&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;Comprehensive Income -&lt;/strong&gt; Other comprehensive income refers to revenues, expenses, gains and losses that are not included in net income but rather are recorded directly in stockholders&amp;#8217; equity. Comprehensive income consists of net income, unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities, and foreign currency translation adjustments.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;ASU 2015-09, &lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&lt;/i&gt;, requires the Company to recognize revenue for the transfer of goods or services to customers for the amount the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The Company will be required to identify the contract, identify the relevant performance obligations, determine the transaction price, allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract, and recognize the revenue when the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The provisions of this ASU are effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Management is currently evaluating the effect that the provisions of ASU 2015-09 will have on the Company&amp;#8217;s financial statements.&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times


 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;The Company had realized gains of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;458,000&lt;/font&gt;, $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;771,000&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Depreciation and amortization expense for continuing operations for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 was $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;7,115,000&lt;/font&gt;, $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;8,052,000&lt;/font&gt;, and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;7,810,000&lt;/font&gt;, respectively.&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Depreciation and amortization expense for discontinued operations related to the Medifast Corporate Weight Control Centers for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 was $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;, $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;1,699,000&lt;/font&gt;, and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;3,144,000&lt;/font&gt;, respectively. As a result of the sale and closure of the Medifast Weight Control Centers, the Company incurred an asset impairment loss of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;As of December 31, 2015, the Company leases office space for corporate offices, a distribution facility in Texas, a raw materials warehouse in Maryland, as well as &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;41&lt;/font&gt; leases for previously corporate-operated Medifast Weight Control Centers under lease terms ranging from five to ten years. The 41 leases include 3 Centers closed in December 2013, 7 Centers that were closed in December 2014, and 31 leases for Centers that were sold to franchise partners during 2014 and entered into sublease agreements with the franchisees. The Company accrued for the remaining lease obligations net of any sublease income in 2014, see Note 12 for exit activity and clinic obligations. Monthly payments under the Medifast Weight Control Centers leases range in price from $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;1,800&lt;/font&gt; to $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;The Company leases large commercial printers for our printing operation that supports our sales channels and network equipment for information technology that are accounted for as capital leases. The leases extend through December &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times


 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;Total minimum lease payments have not been reduced by minimum sublease rent income of approximately $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;For the period ended December 31, 2015, the positive impact to rent expense is due to lease termination agreements that resulted in the reversal of rent obligations estimates that were expensed in 2014. For the periods ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, the discontinued operations rent expense includes an accrual of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4.4&lt;/font&gt; million and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;Equipment lease expense for continuing operations for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 was $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;1.0&lt;/font&gt; million, $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt; million, and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2&lt;/font&gt; million in 2014 to fulfill its guarantee obligation on one of the loans. The guarantee with Team Wellness, Inc. provided financial coverage&amp;#160;for a $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;1.0&lt;/font&gt; million loan and a $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;1.0&lt;/font&gt; million line of credit. The franchisee associated with these loans failed to pay the monthly obligations and the Company paid off the loans in April 2015, which was fully accrued and expensed in the amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;The Company has issued non-qualified and incentive stock options to employees and nonemployee directors. The fair value of these options are estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which requires estimates of the expected term of the option, the expected volatility of the price of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock, dividend yield and the risk-free interest rate. Options outstanding as of December 31, 2015 generally vest over a period of three years with an expiration term of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;ten years&lt;/font&gt;. The exercise price of these options ranges from $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;24.26&lt;/font&gt; to $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;31.55&lt;/font&gt;. The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock over the period of time equivalent to the expected term for each award. Due to the Company&amp;#8217;s lack of option exercise history, the expected term is calculated using the simplified method defined as the midpoint between the vesting period and the contractual term of each award. The risk free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect on the date of grant which most closely corresponds to the expected term of the option. All of the options were issued prior to the Company declaring its first dividend in December 2015; and therefore, a dividend yield is not utilized in the calculation.&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'


 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;The weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted was $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;15.24&lt;/font&gt;. The unrecognized compensation expense calculated under the fair value method for shares expected to vest as of December 31, 2015 was approximately $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt; million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 1.9&lt;/font&gt; years. The Company received $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;The Company has issued restricted stock to employees and nonemployee directors generally with terms ranging up to &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;seven years&lt;/font&gt;. The fair value is equal to the market price of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock on the date of grant. Expense for restricted stock is amortized ratably over the vesting period. &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;The total share-based compensation expense charged against income during the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 were $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;3,081,000&lt;/font&gt;, $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;3,918,000&lt;/font&gt;, and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;3,209,000&lt;/font&gt;, respectively. Included in share-based compensation expense for 2015 is $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;734,000&lt;/font&gt; for &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 46,530&lt;/font&gt; shares of performance awards to be issued to certain key employees based on achieving 2015 financial plan that will vest on December 31, 2016.&amp;#160; The Company intends to issue additional performance awards in 2016 to certain key employees if certain 2016 financial plans are met.&amp;#160; During 2015, the Company issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 12,155&lt;/font&gt; shares to members of the Board of Directors including &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 4,600&lt;/font&gt; shares that were later forfeited. The total income tax benefit recognized in the consolidated statement of income for these restricted stock awards was approximately $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;1,012,000&lt;/font&gt;, $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;1,398,000&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;1,123,000&lt;/font&gt; for the years ending December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. The tax benefit recognized in additional paid-in capital upon vesting of restricted stock awards and exercise of stock options was approximately $247,000, $275,000 and $383,000 for the years ending December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013, respectively. There was approximately $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4.6&lt;/font&gt; million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock awards as of December 31, 2015. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;41&lt;/font&gt; centers to existing franchise partners (&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;24&lt;/font&gt; centers were sold in June 2014 and the remaining &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;17&lt;/font&gt; centers were sold in December 2014) and closing the remaining &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'


'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;On &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;March 9, 2016&lt;/font&gt;, the Company&amp;#8217;s board of directors declared a $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;0.25&lt;/font&gt; cash dividend to its stockholders, valued at $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;3.0&lt;/font&gt; million. The dividend is payable on &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;May 10, 2016&lt;/font&gt; to stockholders of record as of the close of business on &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif&gt; &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;The total tax provision for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 was $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;9.9&lt;/font&gt; million, $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4.9&lt;/font&gt; million, $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times


&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableAndSalesReturnsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNonoperatingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxAttributableToReportingEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerBasicShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerBasicShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedHoldingGainLossOnSecuritiesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIForSaleOfSecuritiesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationAndExerciseOfStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesIssuedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockRetiredCostMethodAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesRetired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationAndExerciseOfStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesIssuedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalNetSharesRepurchasedForEmployeeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalNetSharesRepurchasedForEmployeeTaxesSharesInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockRetiredCostMethodAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesRetired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationAndExerciseOfStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesIssuedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalNetSharesRepurchasedForEmployeeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalNetSharesRepurchasedForEmployeeTaxesSharesInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPaidinkind'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockRetiredCostMethodAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesRetired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedIncomeTaxesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesDiscontinuedOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfShortTermInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesDiscontinuedOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromPaymentsForOtherFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfOtherEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesDiscontinuedOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessDescriptionAndBasisOfPresentationTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 &#150; Certain amounts reported for prior periods have been reclassified to be consistent with the current period presentation. No reclassification in the consolidated financial statements had a material impact on the presentation.<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 Advertising costs are expensed as incurred, except for the preparation, layout, design and production of advertising costs which are expensed when the advertisement is first used. Advertising expense for continuing operations, excluding broker fees, for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, amounted to $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 million, $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 million, and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 million, respectively.<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 Clinic opening costs were expensed as incurred.<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=WIDTH: 93%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times

 - <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times

 - <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times

 years<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 - Our shipping and handling costs for shipments of our product to our customers are included in cost of sales. All shipping and handling charges that are billed to customers are included in net revenue. All other shipping and handling costs are included in selling, general and administration expenses<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

, <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 options outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013,<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 Share-based compensation, primarily restricted stock awards and options granted to employees and directors. Restricted stock awards are measured at the grant date, based on the calculated fair value of the award, and are recognized as an expense over the requisite service period. The fair value of the incentive stock options and non-qualified stock options is calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model as of the grant date and recognized over the service period. The Company issues new shares upon the exercise of stock options and granting of restricted stock awards.<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
, requires the Company to recognize revenue for the transfer of goods or services to customers for the amount the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The Company will be required to identify the contract, identify the relevant performance obligations, determine the transaction price, allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract, and recognize the revenue when the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The provisions of this ASU are effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Management is currently evaluating the effect that the provisions of ASU 2015-09 will have on the Company&#8217;s financial statements.<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsAllOtherInvestmentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px 0px 0px 0.25in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px 0px 0px 0.25in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px 0px 0px 0.25in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0px 0px 0px 0.25in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px 0px 0px 0.25in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
28,185,000 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

, $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
Depreciation and amortization expense for continuing operations for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 was $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
, $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
, and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
Depreciation and amortization expense for discontinued operations related to the Medifast Corporate Weight Control Centers for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 was $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
, $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
, and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
, respectively. As a result of the sale and closure of the Medifast Weight Control Centers, the Company incurred an asset impairment loss of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_LeasesCommitmentsAndContingenciesTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 leases for previously corporate-operated Medifast Weight Control Centers under lease terms ranging from five to ten years. The 41 leases include 3 Centers closed in December 2013, 7 Centers that were closed in December 2014, and 31 leases for Centers that were sold to franchise partners during 2014 and entered into sublease agreements with the franchisees. The Company accrued for the remaining lease obligations net of any sublease income in 2014, see Note 12 for exit activity and clinic obligations. Monthly payments under the Medifast Weight Control Centers leases range in price from $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 to $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&#160; <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&#160;<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 million and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 million, $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 million, and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
The Company has entered into guarantee agreements with key franchisee partners in order to support them obtaining additional funding to expand their business into new markets. All of the&#160;loans associated with these agreements have been paid in full and the Company incurred a charge of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 million in 2014 to fulfill its guarantee obligation on one of the loans. The guarantee with Team Wellness, Inc. provided financial coverage&#160;for a $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 million loan and a $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 million line of credit. The franchisee associated with these loans failed to pay the monthly obligations and the Company paid off the loans in April 2015, which was fully accrued and expensed in the amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
The total tax provision for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 was $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 million, $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 million, $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 million start expiring in <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
.&#160; Maryland state credits carry forwards totaling $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 will begin to expire in <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px 0px 0px 13.5pt; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

. The exercise price of these options ranges from $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 to $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
. The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company&#8217;s common stock over the period of time equivalent to the expected term for each award. Due to the Company&#8217;s lack of option exercise history, the expected term is calculated using the simplified method defined as the midpoint between the vesting period and the contractual term of each award. The risk free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect on the date of grant which most closely corresponds to the expected term of the option. All of the options were issued prior to the Company declaring its first dividend in December 2015; and therefore, a dividend yield is not utilized in the calculation.<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
&#160;<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

. The unrecognized compensation expense calculated under the fair value method for shares expected to vest as of December 31, 2015 was approximately $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 years. The Company received $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

. The fair value is equal to the market price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the date of grant. Expense for restricted stock is amortized ratably over the vesting period. <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

, $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
, and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
, respectively. Included in share-based compensation expense for 2015 is $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 for <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of performance awards to be issued to certain key employees based on achieving 2015 financial plan that will vest on December 31, 2016.&#160; The Company intends to issue additional performance awards in 2016 to certain key employees if certain 2016 financial plans are met.&#160; During 2015, the Company issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares to members of the Board of Directors including <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares that were later forfeited. The total income tax benefit recognized in the consolidated statement of income for these restricted stock awards was approximately $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
, $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 for the years ending December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. The tax benefit recognized in additional paid-in capital upon vesting of restricted stock awards and exercise of stock options was approximately $247,000, $275,000 and $383,000 for the years ending December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013, respectively. There was approximately $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock awards as of December 31, 2015. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureOfEntitysReportableSegmentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationsAndDisposalGroupsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
In 2014, the Company exited the MWCC corporate center model by selling <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 centers to existing franchise partners (<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 centers were sold in June 2014 and the remaining <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 centers were sold in December 2014) and closing the remaining <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
&#160; <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

, the Company&#8217;s board of directors declared a $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 cash dividend to its stockholders, valued at $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 million. The dividend is payable on <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationBasisOfPresentationBusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriorPeriodReclassificationAdjustmentDescription'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_AccountsReceivableAndAllowanceForSalesReturnsAndDoubtfulAccountsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Advertising costs are expensed as incurred, except for the preparation, layout, design and production of advertising costs which are expensed when the advertisement is first used. Advertising expense for continuing operations, excluding broker fees, for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, amounted to $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 million, $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 million, and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasePolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StartUpActivitiesCostPolicy'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CloseUpActivitiesCostPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=WIDTH: 93%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times

 - <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times

 - <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times

 years<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

, <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 options outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013,<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentScheduleOfEstimatedUsefulLivesOfAssetsTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=WIDTH: 93%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times

 - <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times

 - <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman
 Times

<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsAllOtherInvestmentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndInvestmentSecuritiesAvailableForSaleTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
28,185,000 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ScheduleOfFuturesMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&#160; <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ScheduleOfRentExpensesTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ScheduleOfComponentsOfTotalIncomeTaxProvisionsTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 million, $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 million, $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNonvestedRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureOfEntitysReportableSegmentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationsAndDisposalGroupsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsIncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
&#160; <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=med_EquipmentAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=med_EquipmentAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLeaseHoldImprovementsUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_VehiclesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_NumeratorAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxAttributableToReportingEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_DenominatorAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_EffectOfDilutiveCommonStockEquivalent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerBasicShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerBasicShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesReturnsAndAllowancesGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedGainBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtSecuritiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentOwnedAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAxis=us-gaap_CashMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedGainBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtSecuritiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentOwnedAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedGainBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtSecuritiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentOwnedAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedGainBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtSecuritiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentOwnedAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedGainBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtSecuritiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentOwnedAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedGainBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtSecuritiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentOwnedAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedGainBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtSecuritiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentOwnedAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedGainBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtSecuritiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentOwnedAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedGainBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtSecuritiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentOwnedAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedGainBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtSecuritiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentOwnedAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_FinancialInstrumentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RealizedGainLossOnMarketableSecuritiesCostMethodInvestmentsAndOtherInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_FinancialInstrumentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesMaturityPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_FinancialInstrumentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesMaturityPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_FinancialInstrumentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesMaturityPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_FinancialInstrumentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesMaturityPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_FinancialInstrumentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesMaturityPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_FinancialInstrumentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesMaturityPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterials'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetailRelatedInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_InventoryNonFoodFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LandMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=med_BuildingAndLeaseholdImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=med_EquipmentAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_VehiclesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis=us-gaap_SegmentContinuingOperationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherDepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis=us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSalesOfAssetsAndAssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis=us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherDepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableTradeCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedSalesCommissionCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableOtherCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesAndExciseTaxPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ComponentOfOtherOperatingCostAndExpenseAxis=med_CapitalLeaseExpensesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_OperatingAndCapitalLeasesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPortionOfMinimumLeasePaymentsSaleLeasebackTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PresentValueOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsSaleLeasebackTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ComponentOfOtherOperatingCostAndExpenseAxis=med_OperatingLeaseExpensesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_OperatingAndCapitalLeasesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis=us-gaap_SegmentContinuingOperationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis=us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_OperatingAndCapitalLeasesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseSubleaseRentals1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquipmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_LeaseExpirationYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_NumberOfOperatingLease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis=us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_OperatingAndCapitalLeasesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedRentCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_OperatingAndCapitalLeasesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ControlCentersLeasesRangePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ControlCentersLeasesTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_OperatingAndCapitalLeasesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ControlCentersLeasesRangePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ControlCentersLeasesTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_GuaranteeAccruedCharge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDefaultLongtermDebtAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GuaranteeObligationsByNatureAxis=med_FinancialGuaranteeOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCurrentBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationTaxEffectOfDiscontinuedOperation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_UnrealizedGainLossOnInvestmentSecuritiesAndForeignCurrencyIncomeTaxEffectsAllocatedToEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitIntraperiodTaxAllocation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccruals'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsCapitalLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_DeferredTaxLiabilityAccruedExpensesAndDeferredCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_DeferredTaxAssetsSalesTaxAccrual'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsUnrealizedLossesOnAvailableforSaleSecuritiesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesUnrealizedGainsOnTradingSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPrepaidExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDepreciations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesUnrealizedCurrencyTransactionGains'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_StatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationDeductionsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseResearchAndDevelopment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxContingenciesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCreditsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseResearchAndDevelopment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxContingenciesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCreditsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCredits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitIntraperiodTaxAllocation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=med_MarylandStateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_TaxCreditCarryforwardExpirationYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=us-gaap_DirectorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesIssuedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpirationWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestingPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=med_TakeShapeForLifeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=med_MedifastDirectMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=med_FranchiseWeightControlCentersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=med_MedifastWholesalePhysicansMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationGainLossFromDisposalOfDiscontinuedOperationBeforeIncomeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationTaxExpenseBenefitFromProvisionForGainLossOnDisposal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxAttributableToReportingEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOtherLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_SummaryOfExpensesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ChargesForExpensesIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_AdjustmentsRecordedDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_PaymentsForExpensesIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CorporateCentresSoldDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CorporateCentresClosedDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableAmountPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendPayableDateToBePaidDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateOfRecordDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateDeclaredDayMonthAndYear'



PA4BF





M0OR .^
\E

ME):T-M
(9Y;AFWE89.D\^(GT%V-NFM[2ENW)4] '_K




B_%J@

B.'+







M$8YO$R$SJO%1KCR1)RH8B*#+CVNIW.K0=;#3R&N)T?E;;Z/6/%S_.4150S

IY^[GSKX.X;@L%_J!AHSOII3)E6_M]%W&XBTD/LT;?2?


J=1_*136IT
@

0FX1CJ2$2]-8?*J(3FN!K-I.!N/AOXB&))[?^Q/!P$)'X-@
M$5XJ3Z[F]#PF7.#?))BB_.R!C*:#V:68P6PRK\


;LA5GF&EJ$A1%HL $.3$/C%

9IB\O#9

F2 BK
M^J -F8KLP8Q3
XR05:@^HH


4+M& 1CS7+X7%+V0]X'99'(%B1G4T4<(\IMJ,_<W=7^^A9ZIJK*
MPR@@B109*745Y_PQ. S]AIEID/AI*B+WG3^$!0.I!;A*P6FPL:



MMS2^(D[







!FGK_# J5,7K5::0##.'W)
M$Q+#W(*+$MX%
O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RT
MY1\S^!7+5(UEHP$35T$FN8BT\OELQ?S:WCYES^DZ'3*!;C ;6!_SF^GY$Y:


MN\FD
WJ=?3K.:Y1_::L!I^V[F\^3_'/HY)^GD]=-0LYPOP)\?LC6V&')VX[
M$W(Z'&=?
_V]I&E)3+/[_D*ZTX\9Q]6EK!=S\_DGHQR([O=]EA]]D]';B/7

MO@C(WXV(]ZMOFCU7H5A)VH3X$$8:XIQSYG/1;/L'I4;1]E6\W*.76!4!EQC?
M-*HU+

M2I&/:;




VPLCO='
MU!=*Y \FIS_I





94[[G*TG$

 U[F$RQ#I'[!?8J*@!&K8KZZKT_Y)9P[M'OQ@2;_-;;I/;=
MX Q\U*M:I60K$3]+!WP?D@9CC%OT-%^/%&*MIK&MQMHQ#'F 6/

H68XWX=%
A;D6W9%NCBR7)F]]=/%\=V
M EG3[I:\Z.C3.=_Y=3G**Q51_%#B;$+:.\CFI5/71\^JTQ S5<U%AKE=R

8A;]B:J1JDHN$J@LL! B[^3F0X@D\7

MO^(^H+XVU%Y?H#C
!1_KM( .B

-LCE.YO






-NK(+QM1G_!%!+

X0(%=F$LC47.^S8LM!5UGB)#D)_?6WLJ%9


M6V5LS3U


M7C52A8MLF$6# #L






6C)?6
%


T


V HC/&(6M'1':W@CN1&_H6



@_W*B:A2[D8\8A05.




MC8NW_F
$K;G'HK==C



H




M&'\75TIE\-$VG5B'5RG[512)XY6V1+RPGG;JRYGQEDC5Y)=(])R2DR&U383C

)MZI
M;FDG:M8%G)[7X0:M]FBA(0;QJZ8/
7L/]. /C+WKQH_3.HSU&&A#CU*7(.IQ
MISO:-+J24OXS%OW4U
3Y^[/Z-S-=-?P#$73'FM_U25[5:.
P.-$SN37RC3V^
MTW$.F2YX9(TPO\'Q)B1KGY0P:
G'\*P[\WP
7[)\I
$$/!+P1!A6PDM(1D+R


MJ8N=U5JB.

\VL
M=[K,;+ Y7S_A5=F3_U)^*7N1'!@4IW2YBP]
R:I&E#\HO;PJJY;4Z.A9ZE?
M_7.APO(T)L?]ZGIDM=]0]02P
$%     @ #H5O2%I $)WE P  :!
  !@

MN]6/JJS;Q_6QZTX/2=+NCK[*VT_AY.O^FT-HJKSK3YO7I#TU/M^/1569D!!I



_^QP*;X\_6O\R#K?'?\E;_QS*?XI]=^QIQ7JU

?_C(&




#=RGG03D[/S\9Y



6

MQ]:60
=HDGB
:)X'2UMR:^O8VA+86%I%0 (P:C(Y_ULBL;IERGZOM9UI :M6



M1F$G*N[$-':BXJ;KM^H*.!$DK7
+VQF%G:CX9C2--Z
*;4:-0U0@*;2=?V85
M]JSBGDUCSUXR]FZAX$T-C.)-37+S3N24O_J_\N:UJ-O52^BZ4(TO00XA=+YO




=EFK)ST 
G.#*


M

M-0UR:*SD85$&[B 

V2.BQ6@A95U!$U/P?G/X1W1
DF4;(F

89JD

4E44KA3?3;JIT7E-123U,UY_96
ML0O)AML=.5_4^1]02P,$%     @ #X5O2%:W[L%?!   WQ0  !@   !X;]W



M^[0\=MWY


M3W6U:-S^:?G
'S



M
!D1/2#5J%.#UH*Q8$(V!&E2_X?(#),)$OEG/R@7I+J)58O O4C



J





MHFS$W3AM;QS[FT%&





/Q86+#WED3'E?;=/)I7]4
J6=;+FG2?8?NF_XL4&
M(R.QBM\UN\C)O6?@MYQ_F,'/W=)'AH$UK%(F!-673[9F36,BZ<Q_AZWG
8X
MO;]&_V[+U?A;*MF:-W_JG3IJ6N1[.[:GYT:]\\L/-M00FX 5;Z3]]:JS5+R]




E=ZZY2TER'$)ZAY)$&#O.

&5QH@?VBXI#W4EO



M94




C['K3:[?%]MBOV@S%_NAW^(

]G^7;;C.0S
0X0=#6 3@'4
M-T= M0Y0+JK ?H4H+\R7 \PIP!S#J#KD[:G /N5H2WN^%C=]M[
LSJ;3LKB

MJ! S1Q@=8A8(8T+

?/#6/DA56 O1 AK2PNPA@+U+$%0N0=:0ZDB%/4
@TXB-57!IEE:#
GD(JXY2X#KJABV&PGL1L:'? F.,)*,]NU91S)L
M.!(9#EO*W$84W\KSF[0$+8:B:Q&Q[/G5B.

1V)L-%(9#1QJR&Y@1 Z



:6$9)R#CK-
@
M(.
J(=/Q5(FPB!
Z!
2=!G%MEHJKP_PV+J34\=@&*+@T




M7T/H 1#R\1[ D!16:@)*+1FIE'4KSFG0!L\ $O4U 







MJR_-HGT['


?CW=+-WBH]M5#-W11]B_?JVVUWP\]


-


F
M!


^0$)^)@7<?


$-^/?TDB\1RD/L.4I1X-OE7D:+U:

M:;C 8




L7A26T&W


M -Y\N



&UL?5/!;N,@
M$/T5Y \H#G&RJ\BQU+2JVD.EJH?=,[''-BHP+NX^_<+V''=KK478(9Y;]X


M

MB#(X8]WQS@NUWGLI-OLLIY= -
&=I_.6Q3?Y#_R

M+W-H965T.2YX;6Q]4]MNW 0_17$!P0OZURZ\EK*IJK:ATI1'MIGUA[;*,X

NY(.^_[ V.NZD +=X
]F'#3



^)K-+[51YI%

THJ:$1

M49+Y67A1%A9'8J?6]B*^X.[ 0R.JZ$QUI[L@U 7OI=S=W1?L$HGFF-


M-HV.(Q4.)@WJRKM




YX;6Q]4\%NW 0_17$!P0O


MY


$
M%     @ #X5O2 ]NYWBB 0  L 

M.&A9T 57P7:M3$0'-


N=-S'Z29C
VP;P&8 6P#W:10^)8HRG[CC

M4N&@XYRNO




BYX;6Q]4\%NW 0_17$!P3;ZV2C
ME==2-E64')%.;1GUA[;*

@ 214+C!POUW@$:0
1#[QSYGS*V4 KL]7]J=8

)=P&P@JEC2NI!NM072&4*/XY[4+'
M?9QN\G2&;0.R&9 M@/LDI\219G?N.-E87 D9FIMS\,+IH?,-Z(*SEAWO/-

MHY9(IAG7U)D6RE.V3_P;!N^VU2XB_#='PKWVP3Y
9?I?,CBFWR%ET7/6WCEIA7:
MDC,Z_[*Q_PVB R\EN;FEI//_9S$D-X<]_YLII&:#(?]]8
LO[3\#5!+ P04


M

MUW%37X 9YKUY
G-\2+;SD<'
M*PNVX&JIP3B)AEAH3O0Q/Y[W
2(%_)0PNM691.T7Q-=H?*]/-(L20$'E(X
(

&Y5]P_ 9S




  !D
T-\#JE*0L36^IXD(G91%]SZ8L<'!2

'G:'4QXB8L ?
;%I0FIH^#=XX_82YA'P@KE#:NI!JL0W6%)$3Q]VD7.N[C
M=)/=S;!M )L!; '<IU'XEC*?.*.EX7!D9BIM3T/+[@[





MN-YF[06XX[[OOCN.?$#[ZEH 3]ZU

S'4=J-#QVMP\R_]+B-U!+ P04      /A6](Q/U4.Z(!  Q P  &0
M 'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970Q-BYX;6QU4]MNW 0_17$!P0OWO2R\EK*
M)JK:ATI1'MIGUA[;*

\-0C&B?70?@R:M6QAUI
MYWU_8
Q5'6CA;K '$VX:M%KX8-J6N=ZJ!-(*\:S[!/30AI:%LGW:,L!Z^D


_?*?Q/_OTFP3X1
M[-\1\ \E;L7D'Y*P54\UV#:-CB

M=5M?@!GFO7DS#/F YL6V (Z\*JGM


3V2G'S=@*)PS'9)%?'DVA:%QRT
MR.F


C90 NSU?V7[%:K_[
+3R@?!:5:[W8-$5U+R7[@F'WS5







WK8P[

&T#7.=!5$ED%:
9]D-TT(:6N3)]VR+''NO
MI(%G2UROM;#O1U X'.B&7APOLFE]=+ B9S.NDAJ
DVB(A?I 'S;[XRY&I(!?
M$@:W.).H_83X&HT?U8%F40(H*'UD$&$[PR







&W+






NY$

=S$B!?R4
M


MP[]
L'4 GP!\!AP.2?B8*

M6O!LG[-K))IBSF






JX:VJ1!M)?ES'&_*\I;F%.,3OBG=J-([LYG=O-O)S\
Z


M:1P=^)%=:_TFNA_\?H:9)=R+6KEGM+\J+9I'2!PU[*-_5ZU[=_V797H/PP'T





MUT&@14 'UP
*4CWW6QX(6GDZR:C):K@\N5Y217MQ;5WK.EH=^M4-=4W:)[PL
M+NS$?S%YJEH5[80VK9YKR(Y:&[VDCZ9FG$V'?4PJ?E1V^'C&7?8_83+2Z/






H'$YT0V^.5]FT/CI8
MD;



QL*:A^/
PUW$27X 9YKUY
PS%B.;5=@.OFI[3'I


M2)!_(
@_E?@UANV_?4I5SU58-HX.I94..@XJOO

*D4YM&?6'MLHX'$ K]._
M+VOXR:^ #/


M+CA8D;
%5TD-G978$0/UB3ZDQW
6(F+ ;PFC79U)T'Y!? W&S^I$DR !%)0N
M




_17$!Y0
MR72K4292I]5J]V&EJ@_M
Y




M68B( 2\=C'9U)D'[&?$M&+^K(TV!)!0NL @_':!!Y R$/G$?V?.CY0!N#Y?
MV7_&:KWZL[#P@/*UJUSKQ2:45%+0;IG''_!7
(^$)8H;5Q).5B'Z@JA1(GW

?I9I_.L&T GP%\ =PE4?B4*


TQIRF&KV)V2P3S[$L*OI7BQ+_!^38\W5281GBZSGZ7
M;!-DFP19)


LO[3X



:F0SC..WDV4R+$\A
( MAGX;@DU&(





MRI
$QR2.#UA0UD5%[F//JLCE8#CKX%DA/0A!U=\S
X?P@-\

4J!VN


LBP55\L2,CB
M3/ZCDS!]%\QPY^F[M?NW+_SW08&]%]A_*C'9E!C?)%E&C1) P*[C4D(LP^;

M_@I_P(N\IPW\HJIAG487:6PC^.M:2VG IA+?V5-M[7.S+#C4QDTS.U=3!TX+


MMF=BGVU4\+F X^[;#[#C6AE[


6FM[0^4FK(%





:$I^


[,8DAMG&3;*H2181V-V8Q#WQT57MT.!;D(3&%+BT(66




M[XZ
N;(%+=P==F#38U6Q]





.G)&S14PVV2:/C2(F]28.Z\


M







%A,:%Z5<_-].[G18.^VL7+K^\C]02P


M
Y

=(=XK1RCL)
B)FU?9_V7
M'!:.L)1<^]^@/&DCQ=4E# 1]']:F]6L_/$FO;K #N3B0T0&G7O@0R,O\1@TM
M<B7[0 UWVU'WO&:V(LHG='G[9]9H=I:SP59)7ET=D07S&[ D!L
'A&191]#





M74 U/0

S+GAM;(V736^C
M
!&_PKBOL'&QC95&JE)M-H]K%3UL'NFB9.@ LZTW3__=J04&*/JQP2P#PS

6]VJJT+;1[;?=(=



M8QO[S/;O3HZT_J^(!C-DW?KZ,(L!R:=,'@D$N-][*%NEBFGGEZV\'*)XB#
MK'V$!T00
$[2VY.;. 

M.L*9GR*$

77I:Q*;D\

C=0?
Q2A@.

M^@FG_A?'W P




P$(5?!?$ M3%_3420FD2K




M$
.?UV'SC$3K1!]U98+V9.T]?1121Z]E'.4%N)I$HV8[:-!
$TT*H+-/)=!2
MB2WR[.BQP

(71H?1E:P;GL


JCXI57F

^U
MU@-^VE!R4F:9Z[489MZP4;R[3?#I
U+^!U!+ P04      /A6](/ Q_ERD'
M  /




MW2Z[Y\NIFKZ\\65Q_] /;\RO+N:OV]TN5NUZN^C6DTU[=SG]3;W_5%=#9)_X






W5Q:9[GFP.I_NQ&:XJ]=[MSLW-\.;^

DGB@TR8)/)11H(:1SY1*^8U
]\=

?[
G$[0L2
&73:VWS_1PIRI)
LJ?K
M*/9D=467M QJ:YVL_6
4U[[Q)LIK\A
$ZWJ\Z]%!UGB0-1QDHLMU+6MW%7U
HGUE3ABE6E*G8*Q L4)!K*(F%5.,M1/


M2

M?%&



M


M




 8JPS(R]
M \%R[[*$52TN2;8L&C.!RBR89&6+E* HIQX^HKN04-P-Y/- Q19Q4@JI@!%
M4!$ HEA^P!%9Q$@BI@!%2=W,PEH*Y52AC]C$2:F!$68%L

MN7?F;Q[L?FSNV[^:S?UBO9U\[?J^6^V?Y+[KNK[=-5J]VWU2'MKF]O7%LKWK


]DG


M ?].P!MM5(N)#*8R&#]8N*X[LOL(BR+T -L!



/^W(92-

 \V^8^Q=

3]3:N-T?HO^8JI5]#LLR);1/^U!


MO=0P2RMPT8&NFHW5)!--



4[F

4)W/R()BY.*XLCJ/B(0_R\B /3[G@04ZB(DL]0*ZN1$7Y$CW N4N
M$%HDVN1.HF])6;I 'ATT5^8'*KQ A0=HP5
X'VH

(LGPLM$9BTC0&?



X+GAM;)66WVZ;
!3&7P7Q  7_ 4)%D)I





PO

M6HF:A:(I$B 

M&B3W_W46H








L%\BHAGD


_Z0^@TAU_7% X*S--





Z?D'/

MU1)'+?L8V[IS[3#.I/EDQOP9, W R)?&I+)DP
81SZ_K&-L+*89(CF?1
M

M8+%.K]
!BG
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#0Q+GAM;)66W8Z;,!%

MINA$^R:/GOOO:X:N?2/2IT602W1UXS^21.O-%W]J*MF=+3]A#(4\O9SB;5


M

4Q&Q&$
_$1F6X(\GG4C&

MW3;T*$_#*2NX.2Q/[



 JO@9?F5L3 &4!)MZA8:25#6\#08[K\E:




EF3J
49F[E'APRL&7E/AR$


MCZ




\;-#

#





2,$FE\ B-#49W-@P$)(7O4( ;
MPA)%WR@-;&6$@2S(=-_[HAG=X<+6QX!GD?.!NF\,O8QW8\0BP_#U3(-A[


$%     @ #X5O2#;LDMO*



M@;TIL.


M2P


P^6_!


'767=.U

M$_$ 6?E(.F(B!O.
G3Y^RG









?AXV/C((K&&E
AFH?ES8CC6-2:0+_QUSWDL:XWQ\


M@E\]

MD\05[@%AN$+97/@)G8#HQ$$GFS8!TTRJX2SU5W9=]BC*7'!&R0H])(]!


MFC3LJ
PPU6




Z^7<G&R15_JY#II366;UOR==F/
BI.'EQDN^/]CV1K2



W%(V[
M^[X4/)E'[VVB@7GJ&39BVVQ@@3WD#5$%+TBD7.\BC)4E'7Q_$8TQ1-P- 'O
M$HAQ D&\GO:,ZIBJ8VB:$N)A*XBQE )L#3'.V1B[L1:HM4LJ6?=
W+4CN(Q


M)YV =GQA2



M!_!:29%B&?LEGL+Z-F-P*J\0#GC?0VZ%\3))D3H9^]6=PL(VDZE4B#)NIT
MLAQB9,+4](I(\7I)D8(9^X5^@,;[H!F72PJ*XRD2F)3!B&%(LCN*AKMA(_9

ZVI\J=U_WW0G]AS?'R














ML+^.0(C:BA'D= 6D@G%V$IL$AA6R2$F?70!U%2.(32C&_DB!02;.7@$@
MD=B*42:G*Q TT14










@:(%(!HKL D5$HC8D5IM.9^N$#
/RC
]6
MIYOD-9#-S5C?RAM&-;U;F+OX0G]A/34=,PY$Y:IVIP1T(X$B;]%W& :G$'
M3I







M((J_YK'KS3C-.^GS0K

MP/K*_5VH3J[407-09D]5)E3TE

MX#;!X1X1!O8



M

MP#812PY&B'?W61'MBZJ+5&_Z*(2)/KNVU^OX:



M-[]VZQBY&D0KML:EX/;R(9Y$V[I

W^PR_7EO_*M7B2[=]F
M9XZV6A1'.['GY]:\R
M/

M87  &0/(+8#FOO !Y



M#:
HV!5DB02[ P;L@83V (H6NA;#]H !?R!AWX*B8H$#VP
&_('
^FD0Y=
W
MES&\9-\8M@@

W@XSC\1_




!&_PKBWN /,0B2
E657NH



.$G&L@3&
!##
M  R;8-@
\PV3&5/OEL*@E( E$Y Z1P4,X1@3 9B,@333#9#$



MD-((&PU:V+OA9%OG

Q-G(;7+,ZA=U^BZ''#J&:Y55W:^S/E:URL\F$R=//OIK6G37
M4_\F\@8S;$# 5T


M\SPM7X+663@5@!'7CS&71$/(/$ $(\TXCU&C +YODG;1.F$;R&NJ I(50J


)M#3PMB2D?'_<3:U'?*$6Y! PH+68Y;D'^A!3EN
M00Y:4.AG[P*KS1L2K9(N 

Y
5OUH

P=VLNE6JE@U+;]JPW



J:[T(



ML19&Y%FC+D'3_GI'X5X2/&?6ZHU;]



R1=L

:





ML29CF\WNQ2:3N=B]II96

MWEB6THNHJY:\

M^^IO]D@IM.!/17H^&SN*_4#IAYK\.FY=H!!(30JA

M2RKC?'S+_D/O5M(?

#)X


M$(B;!S/3.--I'SJ3R4/[+-NR82(0D623_GUUP0Y!(GU!MSU[SJZ6534R_BH:

-&RF$#@#@TI

ML*[
WC.O*W:1M.W)

MX.2T#;_!S0X:$V/QNR6CF






+:Y


#3J/5WER+T_N


JF9G
M6M*)


M;(U5VXZ;


0: A!O&KI)V8S!TM?L_8NU[\.&Q<H#70
MBN92NR!JN-,5I7VI)_#$YO

M/2:8E*W^6&@P!HH6 :*9QEM;1@XJTZP$/,-^A%^J:TJ@DMD6:')0N7D7,
MT'(C+, (/U84615%_W$RHN6.0Q0O!2UQ\Q-T)RBVHI'^H*@'SC;%0?_WK^M

-X!^
M(5E[[6=C4TW_ E!+ P04      /A6](1_U/U\4!  '!   &0   'AL+W=O
M<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970U.YX;6Q]5-UNFS 4?A7$ ]1@(-((+69INUB4M6+
M[=J!0TU
;.=T+Y]_4

@.0 6OC YR%W9*C5N$9-T!



MJ:OG*KM/2W0V0C/FT6'PH,_(_:WB.0#@G2 )07VIL6GZQ3Y(5?(/$*)%8@
M_=1&=M6&P^06
UA




M4

JN 8OG$&V!ZI^8J67HO1D(P#GED2)%_K^QJ.X9FZ:



@\T9?9(MSHS0=M9NZ=;(77TFL;/N\2[&J$!<^PQX03S/,6<
MEYA@1'C:P6@C7+-Q#!?T*)QF.TA&]^?N?A69F(C6NU&9/G18Z7;W;H 6A5

M&@51VALKG8RW3)D_\1 ='X67T!S46?P8[$_]W;[+I$F#2_B)15DSZ5RXTM?
&UL





M7(J)R/EJ!VK_8'B
S$64-NC.[?:
466BUR()XMR_6J(;YCQCH@?
?L'XAG\1

MHI)M5&9
6YEG\!U!+ P04      /A6](





M
TK6ZDA]GIVHUINWZHV*UNI3%
?P./O-=]OO?_
=#L'#^%WU*5EO[S
88Q$N
[-?3LN'N:Q=LK_N-YM [5V39<




M7.UNXV@.2)@$VW*3FS18T

-




]CM_S)H




V1C/JR
 R0&FS
6ST]5TX+O/_6JH
MK:'V,'$%)/+&[KO@PQD4TT[<O)9D3LK+0[8A.G<.J=ME


GQ1JEEE
9[+G

'=IS ^0-J-.')
T$KA64&+JFZKIT]
MV=Y]4#*_!:[KX,H&$B1HJ,TN!<QV*FE=B!$16F(MVSOADTKK\=ZY<;ZFB.J



ZYK9-GK&GHIF$_W $RE
M3Q-9G


P P]@8Z1;A[59



M@5P_A 0(O.&/(
Y!J^01M;AL=YM%BP@ZHKCP.W3@JBNX_2O8_8XLO!GORE
W

8!KY\,7' $
MPEGL5F1;X,8B@@.%T:W;^0;E$8RW)I&)S!XO6<D*OJ)^$\.9$6I[*EL'\R_P
M]_YIP3A27X0M6 5K;
B\(2@[ 7JE4TCX Z$.2L$GF)-T!P[+LPJCU CY_

1Y\=@C1$:0?CV@6G&LYB%^



9DD$?JNM
F.B!$7X([

G(D






)'ZB]+S\AP
M



TM^]#/H[#O&64W;M8.3''=D


0






CQ-B3[#*XDB

!QD\\A@L!B2\R85P






M/[)Z0@*X8:E&B9RS GZC$.C&#&4HP%4DB.3_BT-V;-/D[45A9#&T8/Q D-

ME_5+NEH2@;



(;D-SG:MR' \E_!VTZ]W2=K5&9


()6FLP:0Y^H*CC)5I!+!$^(B
@


B4GR



'(B\?6?\5?BBU
M$H1[AY43PB?T2^/300BR
1#%L&/Z)_\N_W+IQVY7#[L
(AVX@TY5UGU6(UH
M]?M]EO6/X

8ZN%\;]#IRG#Y
MYX^H^9)/5 #&SE![U('7[[(J(W]:_H0'E:1K:








$EC*K&<P <=3#B&P3W8=!AE!9'@?*%
M2.F_;Q1PJKXAX=!Q*
.?HX 96#E[BZ9
.R,W)=S$[V8UZ+I@Q@_$*/=64[!/:P.'&[)G6*$'&+;@%_8[TZDAQDQ.3
MB*?'[E%I$^:EO (*99%?!R(GCSO#PJQQ EKWW2[ 0F)A2*K!9*SI$M90<<P
J:D[]$J'H;)DH#WA: 9!UVXPUX1%WT?^=UEA?#B/)89=..;\&M
M+5+@RRO#ES&._S[9L85&1S87@LOZ/IS!F(6JDLPB*XO)*T<!!F9)#9IE%
$
M-#G3@P(%E) 
#C3.J!%[V4VL-



M)^'!6/4&@_SK1/6TJ


]S-D8VA2&(BGVAQW]R= KB_E9
MO5IX)(! J


M5Y8_?


MD


:R\OL9R
MQUYNC!;YNLE#^VYU



MD[8NG'

$

M
9XA=Y8#%(#KZ=/KH4JD8!OYJB<
MY]DU@]!BI&,DZBHKB)FP4ENI)68[G'(LD_M]/LA2 4&5%Q#T:A.N[=QLP(^

K*%@7@;]IGF UQ8DMM

^--#TH
MH3O5D29


MP*F[HAMT:!C?+ ^WB

M ?# I[WS K


1H7QBBP
MM%Z?SJ? V7H]6GN!P?4Z!%\435VF/4YY0/6&TI1(W2!-@[6=/';7S@ FA9PJ




 HJH70G77SD2:^D_U=92;\

WIQ=7HBX)7@WE7@)S6MU\GZZ
\@JG &BY37Q
M(1($B
MKZ6('.JC4A)/#(;)VM3(
U7D)

M!_
O1[
YB.




1-?:[5=B2 ;]?B\^T-OP'DS/NR1-HQ:L]1


5 C220Z8&YEM9JDZQU4BO22U.92@6W0)2%

M=)KX/GG$*X'9V'
I;\(1O

Q3


.J+I.H9S/2'LQLU/;XY


M$F3\[@T

M+:'B++'*X=&7XS)E92+_PEN;8_&1CD@QX6%=;RS6Y*+IW_'VCF9WP%A'QV)T


GWM
MJ6I:5D_'PA^XL$$!P##C$1?L*I9TIRLCSANS8([1&$ADGE6B#*UAP4.22O$?

^+6XZ&4!I;
-LEOPA'9]?LIMNC7OSCV@X&-+

MK9GZMZF96INQ=QBARB. *N0HSY0]?$B)%K.21__]7^M#'P\=WRJK\N__^EH\





+X[KCE*LQQYZ$I1+=.#-1
MP

&$%4^

J=\) N5E3[^D8IC5AZ?


RU:MAK





MV:]RA3:?YA*64HOQAN+AZ'52+&XF?\/#AV!.85SFR$'%25/V+P
[@%\K03S?




?3#F)%O1#X
M;7YYO%G]X\M=M](NT]CG250C;A
]I@4]\]I'R3^XWNOFT:2#P=R4-&J*T!


M%*FFSQYK779.N=W0[1KR=^I$OR1[^ P^I#1ZI/N0EE_E0Z4AY0Y6DQ*ZCI
M/&K!7
@'


MA0
NCS:6K*.A6D'G^TR-U)X^CDFM3=4'DXB!I3OZVE]G+:B'YM,61ET1KK

M)V#VLF;A9BOKZD@

M36?^EIC2FL3=@CAT^U1(\-U?'*H;O6H.2N9AN)DKZ*(8&A[U2)92-BP0' E
M!LIC;:TI& 1?F6F/=?'V8Y)6BO!?C

._?H:93#*V(R%
MS]=.^!SU8G-;58NTWXEH @[P#:)F. [.#IQZR^EJ$R=/(0;&I0\1I336)07

MKJZ38?+MP:7G[UYV&XCU36B.@



CR
/,6-.5??[=;M[6JWZ]*VOK@\81_,XP OZ$
MT=:MB%3['#,6-?::[6ZS\,\[BL![V#,Y*5?!$?\_@_P/4&L,./,;0?$I2-L*
MWRZ'H:85J_5S*VZD17FTMH2;:U=,GEC9:%.H]'<9O!R3DT&:


M% 

M;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (  Z%;TA(=07NQ0   L   +



  +@.   0


4      .A6](SCB5]48  !Z

M:RYX;6Q02P$% ,4      .A6](U:@2IH\  #@0  &

M2%I $)WE P  :!

O








&UL
M4$L! A0#%     @ #X5O2

4      /A6](IBPI^YX!  Q P  &0


M+W-H965T

  !D




M=#$V+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (  ^%;T@&)=A H@$  +$#   9




M='

4      /A6](@=5XTJ !  Q P  &0


&PO=V]R:W-H



M A0#%     @ #X5O2#-%&&VO 0  %@0  !D              ( !35D  'AL





M2 ^*5+BD 0  L0

O

YX;6Q02P$% 

4      /A6](4U8EUQT  !2!@  &0              @ '2:

T+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (  ^%;T@\#'^7

M


4      /A6](TTT&Z!T  #2




M970T
BYX;6Q02P$% ,4      /A6](F;X]]Y

M% 



M:&5E='

2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      /A6](/D+;DE4  L!P

M 0(4 Q0    (  ^%;TBF5[3WD@









M4$L! A0#%     @ #X5O2 \[N6+A 0  2 4  !D              ( !)K$


YX;6Q02P$% 



'MUH^H=(GN4GD\E[\FOTJ*.G










MZQ










M((0K_0T[ZPPI&TC9+J7#MBD

-<YTT$U/-U^721KRY9]M

MMQ%5F
'HA3S!
!NY4A
M')'(D\EVA!ZY#G7*664ZQ'2(0AVB=1Y*];R9#C$=HE'*%M&)':V?+A
W
M_[WC^NTNPT[KV-G377L2NP+A$#8)-W))V
4 G1_3;3DB3%]9Z&(=$K%T_/#/

M 4.BV.IL21[W_2_+1



\M\]&UU.]Q?$3E
MC_S%871Y=



M%:9.U9JGWS9VE  I+*S#QLR3C13'LY?
QUA#1XI8#@P'6VH[
V^C&]X&S26/


MNH.?UDT/+*DO%
M
]T0BF9VIKOY*BD
&C703.!M&)8_!Z(5\T;64XT-K)N-Z





M30V]_1

?YK6#_
1
MU-TRD7;M.![

O!
MA#2.M!8G8ZWYS=[OO6=P@*X
2W'7^\9)*(/1-W&0TJ=XPF'S3Q[$$SVG(56?

U


%ZC(4!J)

E



H4

O\$EG.JO7
MVFA



Z/@


Q
M&]6HVHURIL0AO\UTUH'/YKA

47*
MTE87I29FP]CF U*1_HK#FQ5V[T8YGL)(%%,#JFF=UD1@0LXY]:1-*A



*$%2-D8Q\Q
M+



EI7F[7NDK1\1?K+S$7:
MV2L
*RH
RY^YKJT_

MY.E$+C.8:V3M

M

#Z42:^\B

M
!SM

B34/


M$K-$73RT.R@;?JYKIR.K M2@N(2W F7GK8[JK&6

MJ.V7W:PQ%?=BV



M E'VCLY0+J9E79OKLD3O5G4ET8I.^U[GNQJD$ &)G)J?O6%T;AU50?WYQB
M8?W4$I(EY_L=*

MYFH5RF


29(8;(4C#L ?
5\5L
M3A;FA%\G

MLL=7_:$+Y/_WVMPL?E%!MMDSEKQY0CB7B!H)SQ)U]H35YS=2WFH@/+S?8Z-

MQ$\*S.+IU-3/2-;@9



*DIY6A4'

MV
TI04\#O&2
TCBG#KDL)4N.U


^?
M0WZ\$?7(IZ?8F8
*Q.9



M40$4\9D8/.2URF-#4MN.'_%Y1^9J9($6F64A:)@O
_E@9!8B^D_+@&8
W5U6

6B&5\0?LMS

\D@6Y3I,WS:.ZQ;I9WC0=:Y-/RF1W =6
M!'/UU<LX


BEX4 ^H@


+%<Q



\\=V;9^*T_P'+:
:YQ32)G
MS0X]8


M]G\L%@W+7GDK*ONB%Z^*_*F4ZX+7(X_:YDG?:;@V'=?V_-)2^-S:TTPQ@[DC
MTLHN\4/\!0C*^/PPP5-92@5U+[!;*=3B&9?G=GZ#7)^E@*\H[P+[G-)X
M-*YC-5F2Z_U)^T\RQON0=H$M4EX8#J0Z]DA+LDVC%:DLYP*K2V$DRH/Q05N1








:#$LI$+YM;15 #*_Q.9OC2TTSEW=!95/%^.PI







MA&B
B]IDCDI0(*W!E+EH6

C^_YGCH.1UY)F\YFQ25;;[



O\'H41NTW@




?NJ#ZPE;QIKC@YFYNLQM:)P_!






_Y<@!/I1M2SFH7?;%^C3S9F^*U
MNI48S;U0#&1H.JBKFYH[0(#-;=]
]VN/5& @VR-(
MF9RV]Y[IQ92XAB^+W&Q?8)OG4N2FO,LW%3G.^FG^](A2/<C)26D;)PI;[$)=
M02#% O\5^,GV
#F) JMY!-1T&ZF
%R/DS/
1D(L00B]C2@A06F1-3FJIK



MGLBE9#1MU5?Z1ED0?JI$2O:4/)DDIH9$ATEZPC.
%\A1;7T1[#+!M*&#\W0/
M7(!L_?1PH/*3L=WX9ZR/)/'D]_\RW(^:_LHY[M) OYU\.7OX?'W[@1LL7/CG









+] 87

P

M6

M!C]]Y




MI\O_?NJ?W5Q_OOUP@Z;0+OGB^O;B$A
_T
V/W-?KBZ=_X




M/O3/[VYNSNX?H0
5?%EEX:/W-V?EP]7-W=?/W#X_#.TG6LSPO$P0 KCET[

@WFPI#WI[]N@#83)AS%6!\GSB5B
T%L-ADH





KTVNSP.]FKPI&I;AD$VP&QD
MD
UJ%R=D';.'10-[!V2T:N0YU6@-AZT:+898AMB2B 6T'CMB:9EFFUW%7N@X
M&=_4V.J5$O8.R$@UO188\.*QKP5H8(\AMB!B^]0/Y1%
I\VN6OV@
*Q/VYY.


G
M'QLY3[Q)3$BO07O%@8KU C:N:$$ON![# \)U

2 =6XD!GC_E/OWQ
@)K_3TM2M,1!7U.<?'M5]G1;7F\LD'ZTIIY@<

\7%

A


L@6PJRX/SQ4JNS*H
L@VPIR




M+W !
_#U


W7_AS/BELK$RG2/6+^D96

RT35]_QYYH'W?E^;L-JT,5_
ME=?9T8#I;/O4^3H;'U<2^R#CRN&!3?<[[CS;5\]4'29S?7B%01^\CCY.ZN0<
MI&(5TX.R_G-8A.%B%_8WX$)%MR1K1J.V\1*&
4)PC6'@[:\ XRX.(KPIB+D


M@\4-0IME4C,V5KGG'QA7[R&S@6GF]*5#(HD21L!(+%JS

[O7/G7$HN$1YL@0

M%SWHV0TMC6TO\6HCMD3)Z)N8C
TF%V#\WHBCSDVQ*%Z)* (S 9&#YRFT#D



%/8

((!!]; T3]-<978C6=D
ML8W_!73!E&!%8;'UKH

#

MV4AY2'MAZ]IJ)
G
'MXKP8E\C\

MJ#.D?@_FFJ#O'G[X!\(Z[ZSLW$)9$C=W1M;62U^5E+4Y
H71O:O29+@'31IM

GMW]9Y'YS^U31US=:%#7_-_P6QVM-C:G54R
M0V/O0%&_$QLW1V2*7AB*&J8\P,HU= Z9;%O_

M(=&H
&U\\&'\ !!/)6.S;1#S 8WA1[

MS 2U3UUD@H(HW.

Y+X\&\/[Y#&HGFQI##%


M. 7KWO)Z@L\S\H72A^6ZV7?1'&^&V4OH$U]^OO3%'$P/

M/BEONQM8Z; 
[
:H4VU1B;;!
&XQI

LRT_
M+Q8O+*2&IM]K2P(G\JS@9(N9$16LN3[1K@M-E'&YNV: H^G=8C/E:BD-%
M?G0-]Q;226)7H,X.

M\(B&0^SO1?ERQ1]

6$2;PYAK^($79T@IVAE4R





W!V9%(@-]FG\@8*IA
.&!N=[

I-_43N7J^5'J!FZR23(X8

%
M! C








M%


M#$XEW2QD'A

M?L8$J;

;%D)$O9
MXD.07CY]%VSN&8^KB0 #$KP5'-&O#X
=QIW8).R2D8IC@]T-=NK)QO]U$Z9O
MO]P09LB9U2



PTS!G$VSJK[

:\52RA;</@E-!
.
MWK%]]C
#P3V86T%MQ%5= ?*#KJ+UKTC\=;
:@!FD
9.Z[=/ L]#=H$H(K@H6

 ^_-H+2S &
ME6APQ40G+&\8%G3NL#864ZZD2EXJ-M[O=NZ1_0CC@W;7Q0
K;KB!!-I-0W-+







M+XGR9I2?]*21'-WE0#
0F!HP-6A*#02^-Q F3 VHYYZI0:-J(/=X46)JT 6G

/=?)ISCC7*+3RQGDX



ME-.!A6+'J@UT2$ '&GKAA=Y 'O1DD85?F%8QK:I/JV1YW!/DUA*$F%8QK3HX


M= JNO
J]&YR.A%^8TC&E8TJW3Z431*9TG5S94+8=PI;'E%KNTC@Y:
N][RC4

#6D!SE

MC+^3WNF:

M_F+^=O(OSW'UZ3*/-ZKHI(^BIQGB5
50/8-L

M6J8;




MYVYZ!L)WG2=
Q2[61CQ\:X
]'CPTBKDD&@J3F\-I(9*U0/\ 45N66[^G_\
M+SP'S]YXF@

P'W'[F )5'Z:8MG

7F(02









;18O5:W:Z3I=YP
CSVA0[3%:8K!71%



M9ZG6T3JH52VF -92:-5B








MIB]'J2]=/J

TY@25YP+1U_#@!(7G!WI[O0F%KL?8K= 
+LO@H&]
M:V!GX&;@9N!FX#Y0CW0?06'_BGON27GC+N-7G)^OKCB_BZXX/^952NZZ5025
MTRSO&?=/



I'I


*1%WH

8




/B?K

M+ _;

63I3QBCO(
Q7W*)U31
^U?GM^L


M14LL!%([W)VNI




M\;EB.




'OA( $FN;;EOD*0FV[.FV09ZBI(-8:R4P








7IBY
77+5

+B$45OCHMDR:#E%



M1%/=_85;V!;.5[!
MC [E* '10*A.+Q1+GXQIJ(N+].1X](1.B22YE9(/7$@
MM.I6






!-_6A
'E:M\&G6!$K.XW[WK&\M\
MZ;O(G@/QBH
XZ]G07]J]9Y+&*;/;KBA% J'8Z2QC085QJY=-TJ@BE)A/YE6V


M'U




M% .^P_DK*H@#D&YS-IIZID8N3

Z?E
L5]0S%O0/)MX





V#.X<&D*V<]J*A+NA
)TPJ@[B%.#Q)(?R$9K(XT1$/H #L[#WN8)X._]



PBIBQB
MRB*F[49



@$8<U!RBHH[#_:^RJ!!!?Z3?SK!&@ 8!Q@+
MF\NI:LXQ=6P*APCE=@,&U(D@'\I5#L-0P:9<Y0IP3L/N)I,]3EVP*IV-TQ
M]GBWNFF7[2G]8QC.I;T[0]F!TJLUE2&I'&1C%*.)G4&!WN;JID64P19IL5



MV%^#@S[]
_^@#_[IV7Y/'KM\0[:J.V@ELWM;5ZODFU A%H:
VI#Q@.:*;L*

GDPGU
MP\G02J-7VPR.S1^#)X
GA2/WU&N2IK=
,8-ND[^;EE6T82J!].AM;CLZ0=&C\&3P9/BL?O*!<AS6Z-7%GV
M%.EL<Z12NL!AE!JNSB-FB#+.U'LB6)[*QD&\

$.-5;
L+D5&HMZ9@A_C 1




#[E9:8HQZ@H;&ZII#%CML/
%(8I3(DI1AKU^.
^


H/VPC\T
M:


MD#T:MJ@/;/]YDK*-(HJ]D3RB'@T



G#25Y
Q?6TZ&E




MV3;\M?/QB1&MQR?6\^M/)9PR'\N?]_]9N%L/3#1V
B'6=]3^QNF
Q*F+U&=J




!:^D[0'+70.)TPMF%HTIA;#WI ?
+6@TWD(




M_(BU;XYMPO


MY\/%D602@P*L/
1& %OW$,W9I<%_8+
M61/=O3QZ 1GKT;ML<#L@- //;3F?T#4GMD)

IQ7VR9ZZXH' C
M\[:H;JT/X;::2[LK$=PWB!W2'@6I+5\PM7:$IX%\68&X0HGO'JR+T+/R[&]

6_'


\Z']I[P

UK9YEHFTA_:D3E$94%YGP[3-X8RR63E8'-3K[5):]I

B2AAR#C7%#6=-B


IA9@
MV'5SPU:MN;7S(Q&6#KYH:8-'E-#VLY
4MR(Y.OHT7^
[')@/J%YSNZV5DT





MAC/OUIZBYD?R09%-ZGWE!QB
B'GNC
:.#8^X'?!1W([!1F7QJG/'\\%TB&XX

]_\YQF4:]


]I?W'A05F3D1I-MDG6

MLDT?'DN@/\%$)9MQ51$6.O'YX!:;+,LW(R#3!T+/-Z-':=9\(5_'9$9QLN

M@:=2S:S^18;4L+8E+]M^4)II W%'\U@

8!18ND_

M.OX%%P+B/+GZ&

*KY
-=QX#V+NYMD33%\Z06M239QX<UZ4__2H!RNY PD?\CZ%UN6\P)J

+/MWHFB)
MN[NLP5/4FNO\]N;F[.X!AF# M.ACCWR4;O^ZO+^ZN?U^*CU3CVUER.W\%(L@
M:[.5&-=&;36K/EF\4V8/S:J)J[9Y;M74)Z=6 ?(9Y@'5 %QUCA47Q. 6RY0E


VKQ2873ZK;\)29

MM\?'M:L]=07QC?@N%=]*0Y$K-5U%1+@H2_MNO70Q5G0133T1R=TCC;=;5Z;;



3)KFO+]SJG




MTE1KASW5





/6$$L
MPW(#A).& )*ACZFO6_1O#!










M[%6V&TJWVJ42\8GXS

\F[B@&H@6Z83/++WSSGSCPKW((KT5)
MEM9H=]6#]ZT1W'L);J71:6


.'


/0I/RU5EDF[1)_O3$5O7
M$B/9*$AA$% F[@JKH\\9: 

M'#?G^


7/CNR?PJ)YOD5 23
M79&L\$/62*4@5$



$QB636P_V7U)^A)/=WE0P[-[J;@&U-#&*X52U)%
FX/6?^4@E!5
MEE'C[-%\RM6YTZAQ4..L4FZ'Y2][-9]R=5O8




CFFGP1N Z@V)/6






B1E8



M&R2\[RMA3PD\-A;^V/[;F)R]4N](HN:GHRL=J#-_M-3VD138-'RHQ^\\DDQB
M4



//6P/$%]8QP)HE9Y$0VES/F
MN'7TNZ;)LS.Y+HUI'@$=8\?3K2^N$XS!VK
9E,NI&[I)*PQ[ZUL06TJ,\05
M,;@RM7EA(/CQG37DSW


 NP\!-@- 4O<NV?F^1W8_R33O?]*



MSF3VS@7BZ@2V[X%#R8-AKFZ2[0SC9K:!!(9QNYF6N96&4
+0FZFA9]L=BJIT
MNH4





M;
0

*EKV&?0#NS_F(9X




F.56B=ME)3Y@1^H%N;\R4[$-)K
MMYH[AK_CCAU7]PD;MO\VO6LUZHKB:XI+.;D635/KB9XO8%ZX-K=CGXAMK
WN




M;


MQ1

WLZM




?2GG];M5M*6\PJ9%7E5EV_A2$HD9%/+JRT75_*\<YH%
MW:







M O:96)G4C2W+G'-LZLL0D0S4G/-WD
E;6KHY1P:UM]\%7*5DBV@TYQUXU*MQ


M'YB\G5_3RHG@%Z#XJQ1M$1V;=DXVH
:-CD3U:]K9?LWVGF3].9YB6$Z28N44


\Y4*X6;-C.%


MJ0I[RJ6






MK*L?8^+^X
]
TJLO2=J*Q%76&$P!1*0 =_T,5.+4A%178[^@R0I0^%*FOT
M_.JA8YG$]4)G


$FY=U.^2.8


L&@K;2UE511%9A4\





M


M2$'V2


M4]X9:6*2-'1OYSS#LHDI!9SSFGH-MME[M1JTQ?


;\V1[/,\TIU^Z(Z/=SN5%!BEI9DPWW\-$4OLGM3?!=$Z!J9P*9QX


T)9\?C262\$]!B*)0-0)ND@
M*&!;2GJ


<W][<G-T]P# -0*D^
M]LA'Z?:OR_NKF]OOI](S]2B\?W)U__9NT6OOK[_\D7SOD600R_+&N@&@9]J7
M?Q[K8()$GR

MN*#X9V=(\OD4V3!%+I\BZ?/9^?_WY?[VSV\7I]+_#/A_YD3ZHP3
Z%^?G]W$



4RH(

MC_Y-M0VR)Y



[$D


K3*+*72T#05<_;4X_2L MI4)N5'AN$LK!O


M343GO=+#^GT4'L&$I\9KD8)E;BA.*$X%.DO-+DH42A1*5-US(RA)*$E[)4FX
M-M4FOU+IIH8:)69%4+W53WZDW/JW=PLUFRC




QM='1L
TY2@-* [NT66D'*!2%?1.%FL#^O8;-










..W9<W2?2Y7\#ZK])#\0(7.I3@N7M8E-_.(JTRD2EUFC*74S;T\]2L-.




G&HB.N];6
C82A)(DAB3!LJ2U






M2(






C.UGY ?]59:75=Q3UAQ;^
M?211$TK&SXU?W2Z[:/?X=MV.*X%CXS?&'C'3[H^/KVV#6<$HWJ]H)YA.5[@















J;Q(+U U?G_@7U]\N+MD890KKS_?KB_X?[/+D@LC5





MF),QG;U;HS),].D+&RH6])8IR88BY*ACZFO6PW)&^HN.7[4/; I#6?$.D7P
M$/?
?5(;#*@_B%['_5J^R@0 VKA8:O-:@U
1#@BO&2$=ZH]%QH1C@@O%^%:

M(7Y;UO0RTR./;8


J

@;

M(&9@N4'!

MB-@B4V\-I2

MA__ =XW
G V/.X4WZ%0EV

M].^KR1NC(&Q%K6B5N3O+#VDRYYN9'[(#) )Y-3I[;M?^?)'GT6D-M5K+%_&.


MQMV5XQ+Z9$M&X+K$-MX.V9K';7+%;Y
3QU]5M8-W5Q'@PNX#+0?T![WO$]&.






MF0?WAT0RZ0 \F(;\)!'XK\08DL^?/^G37UP,QY\W8=?!L0DKF[!'0_X ?+
M



S

[UYSBAR0^LJY9[X

\W J

MNLSEII]O_2&XR&

M-2=\3C^BN


M^MH7XKWH5'!$K5(2J8CEQM5@ 53/$^=&59 $Q(EYN0YCZT\ &2*H]X7W($
MH6!SNWL&[$F*

MB8+H]TJGB^GYP])B548W



MLE($\+'

M;M$G^]/1?P+/IX
W/M#^D$BJK+0:['^;O-\!_*%)@!IB^/0YW+OAZCX\]X6X

IYLF95]+OB,9EDY'[)U,4$.F)-M*<+Z[<1,*/FKV
M;Z85171IDJ9K.YRLY'C;39 T0 4PO2AZ<X6\9NG$_V_@3G  4GA6- :C#+
M&DQRX3&^Z^C\.NN-$017J!+_ EAX$HVD6<I(FFEF#F!&##@6WB R5Y 3.+J
M%AMFX$X9SNZ6\U]L!H3?

@F&



FC

:G(]P*6-67FQ4E-$*NNB#DQLG?$1R



MSKQ;6U%_:




M=S]@+3%@+37@5O: E78A WY@IA4 ]

#H\5==9H6FT<A8X^R/9

VVO%O29T!:+NDY!D13

_QU11Y%0
8RWJ'XPA
0.+W XN

E3KBX8*8TTEGZ=)9'^]1+)T
M)&8N6_Q



4'J1MLI


:B#45UIK#PRJM^SMA2_AK:U








M(90JE*J]DRJMT54ZC7:OLC*C&DB5(#X%I@I$=SY%H#XK
('-!K#9 
H.R@[*

5H6S%JHQBA&*$8;2E&/=RI44NGH=*8^\1I
Y#\04P'NH@7=:K;X6N7RP=OI<Z&)#^42NS/M 
10'.340



Q%)-Q==ORC$(G#G90Z YDRW
-A$Y@ST:P= BZQX)J;I'K.VOG


 _'=!78GX\D@QB6=Y8-\!E

^*\/R3_=Z9_QB'_[$'C'3[H^/GTPAL0
+'([B+V3
M.^(^



MQMID:)EDM%M:2
=Z[T^/NJ^_GKO$I/ZY[KIO \=]T5WS;
0XD#%4+3749GJH

1U)'XIY;9I#K55?R^?:_$_@^2/@@==WSD#J69I3M^YT:E[;




MZ;8I.8





M@$GLI2[S52




MV1VZSQ#











MG\PS3'XB3G;




M]T


MHQ[UF4!/L4]M(
OG6 @.?$)?ALY-@&$!K89D:8+O&&@/1C%IB'RY])5 L1



MV+%\?.


M/7B.%J^%@!65

M*113&+


2E4A-KXX*#%8FC:N.



!^




M0M)4K2'+\NR:P5Y7Z%O4GCSW%E8[S6KC6+&S]89JHY!QGDVKHA=JYX11-'8!




M-7
M1/C2-;9T(\X'@G
3+YJ1YQ1RO*LJG8\@M:!9AD[ MYE

MD:DWA


?B50+
M#U+P''?=IH,G21J#]A&C*PPRXETEAN%F:J :?PD=H#VP5-PPWRH6-Q;^%)
MIY$'&L99&['G&=K_%G_49!^6K[]*A&=F&Y&3&^=#V082+\PV\UUOX9Y:;MT8


M!&94J



&L/3:;W^,MAH=LZU&QSX9L:]^P;O'+#H=\CF2-$F

YP&M
@7# -
K







M$8 1Z'(US 


)T



[
B*FEF(C82'&E@L7


X)NZ=8FQWS3,8D:L$=;/=EJL/;[
M)D&3,2PG8:S$CO(',W4?C77TW/T0+;P4S^*9*0OC'X/;-92)+R$QR.CX9ZP


M5S7[)/Y*-AR^XB4+7^*J@41#D^E3PN@TVWDZ?5)L&
6YE6@Z4JEF!HYXT34B



L8








(FM6'5 5L*0.&8
M4?-XUH,R&NK)M'CM.V%QT# 9XUC2.2^)XBG_)U<?\4+7N?TWP*EK-T2XWG4




M943)P]EF/B]\*6(K&G


MDO1\VQ2U O9$&!1;/8M]]9*]5J&UPC;U/Y/)W:Q!2+(#KD!R5N=UC)=U\.0K


TYU=S.2OD6C%B:QW'G#?E\J.R6_!$U38MD
9P\PAI1UFSB:[]6\+@-[HUN?5I75I\Z4%
MO*KS[.ULI&6MSQ

MTX H X%IP#18%0U:MM5L[3
-R$O/-%@I#7J6[728!G5PJBN=*\^=ZET\-^CG


M'CTVKWI\K&_9\[FS



[935[3:OG
I5MD&(6<6LVCA6.5;?[EG=_<JV&=6 541BEXJH!Y\
M4I#^J8D)+C; Q0:8.\P=Y@YSAQXXF#O,G:UU[JO-(3B_X.(VM*6G,&710X8
M^XQ]QCYCGU+G

[[HTQ\5R@9AWYXG8B1BLU.&HZF2$N_F2:S

MFI76I[ ;W1;3B&G$-'HKC3I



NE:#^


M


MWLG82S0/)F2ZCF6(%Z214
-1$(V5



OS
ME\]THM]7D&XJSS(I$  R'$
;DBSW@+2!2$0VRI6J[E7L^HD6\Z%@^KUZO_3@
M

M#12


M$9YU[HUZ0NI/)6[D;6Z:P)BA3Q4$VIN0LUX:S?62MCB3NW(+JNTJFDR56U?]

2TQ\$
9NG@YO-;S




I.B]
M@D

M]U







MSX2'QTS6?I2%XVR$KNSRW[$AFE3+GS^Q*+/FS2T7Y6TT'7 '?JXA+&IK+'#U
M+QGH4?N1QT^M2H'/Z0W8 @22WHHP9U_\$*=NAF9-+@PSH+!9G%J[*XL(?Z.U



WV9


?QEA3V_T*V_O ?*<R

M

Y;8C.S89KM3$)
MQG.A\Y5*[Q1$N^ W_@4/&@&OP9
!YP.%

M5[&

O1\?8U\U&QP\_




FP3VKZZ
MANT(A?*QI[IZ[/P@@/;RSY.CR__&RXMU; UBEA?U16.;0+CO38OFFF




M
'N8/:34P^PAN[P1Z 2


M?(8^)?$9^ALK/4.?H4^F\QGZE
 G\GW/2._)LBO\2# -3QI2\\L6$]@
MT&JS-\1L8#;PF

@O4$!ITF!P;
!F8#CPG
 F8!CPFUFG2O=&O[[]&MBL.A

M[X
@#!UR^MG


:.8475?&V$F
9

+W5
&2W;7L??;R:K%,4FD:2O5VIP;K:12DI[#^O%F[<&O4^0Q]ACY#GT3G,_0I
MB<_0WUCI&?H,?3*=S]G)#Y#?V.E9^@S]
ET/D.?DO@


-B
M8RVKYW9<V8#LP$O;5=: 8JIL&E4J GL=QTNUL^XYR% .T1-'@+(2\]46%-L











MD7+5\$K%


8MUTQV#CR#X3J
D48P^1M^*
MT7?@NG$V#[T3E%_QN
O@6S7XCA
9L]6R
_L

.A8_7T^
MM)M9L-4LX!
):4O/X&?P





[=H2\\L

M0Y]

H

M+L;(C&)&E3?A4^D1OTPGIA



M2=\TB



C2_X\%4-?MTY;]K?X/\(XLO(




M WU




HTH&-!VM[/M@1B3ADGS$M(T+;O+LQ=$/(_5SEXL9/C-)_CM
M0:/2;?8^:U9LADZH5H-B


^
/)0C/Y6!
&!_7V.Y:MHYRVLK=N9'

M379O?)!@).

F+B<T


U0Q%C9%L

M&88*;#;V*%#S+HK_*I17Q?ZX0GM\QCE'L31D%T/39/!$./Y(^R

WI#\;=



]%*QOHIT:Q#S['A$ZY(^+CE)&K3

MHG)=5H;@DBHX75

MB2@BQE(+B3(I






%;:2\M)UL:XK*R7=X5+2


XQN3]351XJ?^K1+^<3=5*31

^.U:V*$QG@






M6@=#6PBEKC
92_A%6/H.S^]$7^IL1C ;^Z-GRBL&!G(09=T!KM06(@EF0C
M+&Z$+O\0(KA4@G6&@ !=0XP'((X=9*&G@[

M:0UE_)=*DX8X((\\7G664$D(;J021*YOHX=1/ADF2NX;J:@:YD
)*^#MX'

H6.C_



=FJ@=!$\JSC?A _(C
ML4J'Y6/J@D;!NQ[,9AF]343$IDN1*!B3/:Q.D ,1)VOJ=A:G'GMZZ_0\HRR


_[&=




M
4X]@5





Q2

-)\N7ZG[


MJ.,P-0B /^9A93/L1FKFZ;S!KV!2$4[A1N&D.HF5D




F()




MQ[:?WMRI





3\+]
MMY5!R&J71CY%\4#YO#CRJBVL&SB%\C(%U&&29==Q+




MSRO

6(0Q2+1=<3UG?H$SC02MW@X-P@#,CZ8ZM!2RM$HCN[](;P@&)<K<[/1
MG9,8&!\$^@2&T!/^?#NOE@H(H+^$G+:?V+2?R-X&\@*PI393F$W]N<;.E8R

HG'PA/!]X


MP&2N=3=IM2V]IPEF7CXMC)?(MI=J^,LO1/VHP&F/PS0)L;NDK(.QE[29X9
MF:=BP0=7Q2F 5_REQH4L+*
P3*QT;WQU.\D$% 








9I\^/

9W].0HA?WF7)WK64H_='?N(&49+%ZFQP6.C;KZ97#Z%S$IU7
M]A$'YG
Y1@N:7*K[]&
 /?S;CS_\^(

'?@6T)\?
MPNAV!MVF7Y'
WCU]'IKL%#Y\58-?=\Z;]C?X/T+E

MOO4[^SN_+7CR






M
7
DXS3$GW?+;


3+:0J]' 0F


P0&P'XWI\@*]89_%5)8^J%793MVZ_N??I[--Z
M\P;O]BNW::U?=TNJMN\QI9A23*E2S_1K69W!B3F%G.+N542MYR6U7=:SV2




NSSO&*H?Q/% LWP$QSDXJN4\YU1GDAZSRO


)FV



E$BN@K\ZVK/F:0X9-;;
M%26D$


CC:9IZB%N';
4WVLCJ












;W*QH7N=G=\<@^#'
M&[OL]8\U.;_E2*;J,OJHSJ7O'<GQ9VCK#=S_OTK&\PUOMKZU;-WHR^A1 4=


MZPAQ.TTPGA42JF)9.

MQ




M8'QOZ-7*:9/\V8DV4=E]-88/2[H*U5!4 ?:-63C+(S_L2;VFB1^NLL0/59*4






!(



UV?BM5_MX4T4


M525I[+NI\BZPZ




M$KK14
'SSN

M)[K(*VM9Y;ZFO9[7V
U'H59(E;)
J'#^3[T#&YQ;BT[:ZIA+S5N.3B.OWZM/F7^4*7A3../U)J+\S


M%

ME;'*KXQ%)\)NM:MU



?^L-L






HE3;=





M/A-2 +4-%4L






M:

M'$;Q!X!#_ZL/'\@DU3\J=!\=SY L**0[UC*6G\\FY.6X\H\2!VYU0@8W='
MY


#$U
M
3(S

MUFB;6XERDM*:7R'^]]O2+TMD:+DM-4^M!&ECC#F?GQ
1R^7O_XZ+GH 3-.

MARPM'HP$V1 R.1Z].!J!X[V, VN?.9=XJ45NL&;@S]RR5+@IT#!)I2?@K$

I:
+6)?1#(?7C@KE)^J.A^+RP.$Z2BZ].


MP X&^''C6M0*?+:]@M^I07Q*0Z^:B1.PH9!X(D&D HS8J=T]40Q 30B+VV


7L]W.7P



. ;J8WLZFUY/+L_GX$IV?
M79_=7HS1[-UX/)_UX#0'Y\ZMCU8XX 7#5(%=/J83LRAPT]*S#^IH?1,;4
MNGRZG(#[Z.$R?!5I]+]U

5@7O@=66&/*
MR0
V0:Z*0 _CL3F



:8Q


MA'

MK) EHE

C]?1+EX)0Q1S

)QL
MM


M-UIZEH^6]J ]0=@T#YYI8CV(I=B&40BU!]
TEII'K/!&#TLITA'1]G9O%.@K

MPH

)\NSSC'







D!9
M#KDYF![B!ATFF!3&#0]$G/1XYKJ^'4U

/B)68
.V#@:KKFE@+XLIX:AYY@W1Z
M=$O1HX2CQ#:91LMQ_::'SZ!2@Y9AM.CT\1X*OX@S+)=8S$7C^%6A_AHGUX-9
MBC.EC6:@D\4BTB89Z][4)NL\:IUK0S3ZN$LQ94*J\%ZOVJ/^FFOL1.Z6*Y$








M1$F)Y-.^Q:1\CZ2)#!E5]#C(&+228O=R2A
9$AKQL'?^N_=6&@F0$
FG%B*4

F
M+234W@=K4E(2&O'0HLW0WUAJ9)!=JGUQJKYLM9DD/KUM+8S^FMKV/:_DI6Y3



EL\

M@ +TA@C%^-
MU I=92LJ^K;.E



_$@8'D5W


[8+
4K95<H?'<^B!<O8WP]Z_)$G=E




/CK


M^83ATX7%V';I


C
D^V
M4EUI1^LE;#JO(

7_ M


M      /A6](/9O80'83  #J20$ %    &UE9TR
#$U
3(S






M[=MC_7_EIR)X)W3[S\PCL5:5E:]1[1?JO\;99V/UT_CDU?CUR8LGX1])'8Q&
MWW$6TBF=C30#[^+G)7U_)(+%
E2
Z]_FG


M:N5


ML]G7AG'3]G?8;DCH::DY_@33


MSV/Y=U]6.27+0


Y40%



&E#@MLRT+:P16=%JO
M5GV)V.F?LL619KI'TF84-,\O?4I C/!#;/-/N)@:N+[P8JO:Q+X%U$:5I@
MY+H6@S)2K12(AY 


5]E0+&JUDH%DNOBW*Z56H
]

M]CY(QB]BO9\R(:?KE%5CFK'PW3 L4&(:'G7TD)RGH:1YO[I#0)V?F?@+M3D0
MJX'^0--C*::$/9   LLYN^H5)A-^X5%KBQW9J&-@@




MG4M/J?[9;)^HK=U .4F/JWKF
[KZUUC+[4*FGP&4[1Q]?/+F)+JGZE#D553-

$W5DUG;&TH7(





XMSP7!'<
MZH WC_8? P8EV

B!6.KH9C.*(3]






)HPX !+AW_K<8HPZ^.2:ZC2:D^QG!#?E
MUQYRM*:,8$RW!4AY8+?6R7[,!9;\ %%QCOJ<


Z 4V[

MC

=S=/_)^3](:B6S;Q_6#%

P&AJV[X- N+^)P
I5:/5
HUW0@1P0D=S

\8AR34:EKLAR%KQ4-\


MIU10_J!]OG8')'0R+I @1N

M?)/7RX9X10H ;GZK4H(WW2L5U7N9ITPX35Z==#=\['2BAIVLDRMS7SG^LSGQ








M=Y9






M 

):+RZNRQL$B+VF9D(U6=WG&T-(S-\B\/D1+R;

M?5==I2I5-IXO







MT2AF_P^3M87?%(/YS!;@P(*1G\[.GL
T)8DIQ=S!5C[; A9@.(%5BUAWUNI/


78HEJ[IQ6((Q@3O;%
8JSA\C)/J&&D(2G]BY(:1A$M




MBL5I\7$43S[.G_D8)LE[)1L%[KF%=XWYY0XK]E:S=24)?F8VHS],+C$&ZX

M.WM7DM.L&%K]EA83+@D#C865@:T$5S#=QHO(:T'2$1DM7L4HZN2.KOSE\$XX

M5*0Z_B]F3\)'DE3O#%1#@H

M-*









I-*



.E['S63T6Y:4:1'2

$2^Y11^7Z_\60PV+E;N@B%0 H]W=9KJF[+QR2.+I(L




M!
GB+*1T!J?DW\*DE!VDM
8'AQY-&VJ1\$6HC\R)2[S#YS;/P;PC$0&RX9#R



PWA4I7)*
M!+/^6+!_O(-?2A.!&R]Z9U'


XGV9YF'RE63F]3*.D9&9N



YG6I(NC-2-Q$.73
M67U4P[:O.T7P&8')V
@/8X1
X OV9E)9(U[?3R
+/SK)&YNC*9'::XX(C!

M]8\_(CA$-312DXR0 )Q^0OEB:)R4B8L[1RRW+:V%UE.0M(JOJ@R(VX)C
%
ZA:,(RJ^5*HVA\^%@\*F%?:S1DP9^$:P:;2]?(RJ'('L<*'*IRM*J









M7?8W9@)V( B6T9!86TL !RVV\IPF=]=V:F P9W!P@M669ZX0QKBQU0'E\L%T


T*;$*0U&5-
5I@QU:N5

CW,@=RS[*\:!/0
MQC6#AJWI:/KD/Y!*N_3G *27TGUEK/%0P.;06@F[Q?EN1G/$\PV'?Y87#


#*;+X1



8HU3C]*



G9?M#G?$ W7
)*.O-\-K;G[ZCIT\STEHV&Q







DR;ZS#?
BH^=9^5B
RV0815F9%ODJR&:8
MCECD!?RF*&DJB5KI.F4P.




CV=^/


F' 4U5-P
5VR2-X5F=X<.@T
M
0[?TJK/%&3F*!7ARJ]:;P+ [C0*1WLUUA=4.T&OPT5FK.I1U+@6]?YDKEKS

OD2^7)5 $1F#6M]V9R;7-:L1G4S;A?V




VN.^T)H^$06V\$MC2
GV0AF% #[



#?&SBUP[9LKU!)V[8K3



$4EC0G#K2?I#[L#G+=R[7LP<F(?]L0'[G(OA4IOQ

Z011+@+?KP?
U5EB<TXOSP3 N&:O<M^RK?TV9F+39YCW%\2!3]79#2*:\HN
MTW%&)]4O_\ZG$-H5#OWY


&2T\:OFN&A O80L<;I/XS+I[O2%(Q

6PBD
MMOED^TQYX#3S27O#;')8+HEU\K%%Q'60!:Y-K+U0E%N3/_
16PT4:]WR&8#R





M:A'
&MYEGI=N2\SSW@.L1!!4A%3_Q P3Z-[N%11LEG=SJ8'BMP%;W^QYSSG;

M;@_9JL3B;1C#\GD63N


3I+5
[VEN#WP)!
;
M!F49 &OU
[E\OIZ?!^OJ#%(N\QX%$C&$GNKP6$R^M1J27 Y?P

MJCQ(67(&]!(JKNRE.1( 8+ TZO!?&XVU&HM2A?_G
P#

Y;)0
M#0/2





$]?'3V'-(G

M5 3]QSHTP*;9TD\JMF1G-/;\ZJML

JQ@!B!.=E


7KCY
;%;

8.MZZ1KF5@VGH
U#X$YN=OIL8D'6T_;+R%E55;S6T(7A7/B2
/$


\'
M%./-]]-D.=I\OY9! @
$I@ZS[8$# %GZ7Q6YS#GH


UD5&X4*7UJ5PHMD##=




F'-
[A3^?PST7#X YZV?65(%$$=WT_FFF'=]B23B6LO&.&



!P+HCO).6@A8SUV3]AI
M1O@L($-@CI)\+L+;) \'

0U
R(S*
M=ZP=;4I&B[P.I=CX ^B

9B$R+!5H.18PV57=6V'P902$/B
M9.8]/@IL]17K')3+/^E21SKCP$0!*%%AN)HT(^M9FE
#6!ZY$?OX5)2:J_

M[AWU[#/ 7DU%;CM5G6_@&REJ^N[(M*31
R/^(J-?)M
DFY&Z:C-'*VQ.#]_5

!6O5$'*RL*/AZ3J HMYJ^B







M(_ZX \O1)F3 WL]VU%N:


M'R(]+(LW))O(D66M+SP'(X-MN4BM8EZ5!XIMZ)9HH2Z9I

MC*-S
B:4

OWO])K
 5;:M-J=8)KU#3+



MG^THC05&8

M85A6?YT^K*D DF$ %


!


MPB)- UH]!D 0'
*-N

WJQO


MF+!A@7(
Z+W3(Z:R5X26!+2%M@[*22
)1&+#T7CE?S0=J58:Z=9%ZJH^O7=
M$EHYMB7E \





Y6;%P)S$1SBK6J*


M=66+[JFZI43T)@A.MLI)]WID




119)'Q;)Y66
M=:O[Y



Z13QF-_ZHL



/HN
GH?KI-Y'1;LIYD\
MTT)S.'#-8S6)ULX]
W@4?7MJ;ZE&=PA@;0DK-*EOOQ9QE.&UU_0OYD*XU8
M??7@X.B3-[/:ZAXNI%



MQ_BSQB[#L76LK\V'@Z-];QOFDAJE377C02#9I0U%:CD5

MAX[V749MF=D^.0)3B)8/!YE=LVL2RM&^TR.HA42ABNM\48GP(#--6I 1+L.C



K

DTP%;/+1*[



_'FB8
MYF'$GI;7)NXR


:WD#@$N#=(MVFZHQ2<ZN(KQ(<L!;I*JS#(5#0%\3J\;
M!HTVQ.S7%=@Z)&0IP99%AB.FSHWLT&8(ST^W%P3(),J.8$%ZL,+D\9R,WS,
MPH7%)F!J


M9M5W:/82
]/D

M-9Y']UOPZEDNY^LTW:Q3.=\]X9:D@(/



M8JB)$1H



9/;I=A
C]!$2IMM339P8[/Q;$-99!7]?0LI'0VSNCW
MD(Z


ZT!(S/
M-) S\V4*+^-9?]6# */G(DK6O^4M;-9BJ%5?9/WVJAD6^U=]XE!_?MQA0+KG



M5IWU2K387T630D
VM&+KQWD

M$ .3V+TFYCI1.\X(W/%MU'.K%GH
0):M)
!R#K?GNIG%_RK#)!['9'1+L_GO





1XM:QM5K918I
MO8'!\:&W^*M5V8O53LJH&\G[:9@
#XX/7
 H7,$E51)[PO<YX%$YS&;2M35M\E3!_G7!D
M]J16[
=E







C



MQQ:5T8K_N

MT





M7U0B/
@\5A9DA.M^:U%8:)U.5=#1'2E*FE8Q1TF2?0_3B.1?LTS:#DD^$# C

I&^




MV_4JJ0

UJ]; BNXX[EBW2==BMD/%6-'-:+.=D
M#X-E1NLCE

+MT%JP:)+(Q5W&_E&Y%9VJ3C8'7#4-3*

EAQ^?\#4$L#!!0    (  ^%;TBH'@UR8G(
M 7*!@ 4    ;65D+3(P
34Q
C




W

W1;S;)YAQ\KNG'&Z'N4CR_%M
_VT*






7O+7R
\9HW+3\'.]'$
MS4*CX$W':A
7XPA<DC3W%SJ[B0<-W;6*!-#\(



M9#VE










M738K\3S;!7$J&.O#)@XR#1ON!#F%/]
&CD=X2)/]+
$A-3J8DJ[C%%ZA'[5J
M+G&-W4U-/



M.KCRAEB1&-IA
W=7VBB7PBMLS'R6M!JM6$*7WZ5XY-[T6(A')]?H.(P*K\WU

XX?-K&.[PV47$^S/@/S=)885
M?%ZE8;:#H


M6R&3/
C


M8*!Z ND-D.Y6H.D0\#VILL5J&/+Q2U0OVSC/JXSM)'ND%(K16?WD2\)K*Z
M
P\

A_XUFY?-5(/M/OPKJY




M.K5!.63K^9; OR6]EC#TP
M+_T]*!&&X)X<
MS4Z1B<;;*\N_-2N@-3M]*%XMC;^-$-Q]V<XYW +$0

M:FEZ 3




_@P^?+_Z[L





M/;R@M-[W.H]9'K'E:VS/,+'347+9Z]Z/,)'/%1S]!MWGGP6MUB[]1E]HHN
MZ@Z?/YX&!8QN@E?,^OIKD-/0;[,GJ7W8#NMJ#=6._FY$V#7/AQP&9S-I2AC



OGC
1H


0.P5)MN DV@#/N)(Z1:2JUGI
MXU6*UM8[XL].7]D?#4

LQY=QA6&LLO


MTN%
')XD]Q C?213 Q0'*;X.OGP(T7G&0: ']L+T[K'?X%L,=-01-2R_P
MKF!=@V$GZ!YBA#@8IA8OH^0W$*2U]UP)@&YB
#-O8




 ^?\%7P N)T




MRJR\$^F-KT=__S6COP2?8/F$%AW.=_XGXT%\ZCL*#/8L8) ]G?

9R%*:
MMS/DZU(UL8/UJ89$_74J*4GV#I.]!WA 04O9/JI3@'59YO%#59)=P#(#-X'[

MY+5?




M^ENTY2%TC[)F

M






MEEZ$VV-05[



M/%0:D;TC5MYLX$F5O=0#4&9KEU!A+V$'O^+)+XIEVHZQ(XA))!(#F?-K7T



=7^9PIH!TLZ7;8!1S+N'OPPJ




QK

L*QQ6*=$'

0B



M#?OTM6UR$[R23)^O01XUG*^+HMKM2;4@O'-+GG_*DNSQ5:-:I)6OVW]1SXI.

-

M





M+3H]S ' +( V10(QX8'[LZQCW.QDBQ41UXK(A8HXBJ#-U( 7W4576^^1NL3:
MR?\U2U W25R^VG2*HJ\?MUL4ZM1%--@R\=8\H[::&UT\-RW?F%^46_&BGE''
X.H/Y W6%3HY-+LB<92J13P'IUF3*\AIJF?.&=@61C];I)^
MB)\S\;%HEIC@;2JZ61E1%E888,C-ND=--9FT+!UAWX.3\%?I9_/3=@L%H/?
MJK_#3]7?!/DFORMQ>CQQU_5CT)(X3HO:0>$8'9GZE]0Q%2!D*$C*P28'E)*%
M1\V[Y&[+R$R0K
M!@ZET#$$CL(K:]2A)E$II+!J5T,($MI'$)8V;.0\[@(DPR_0+K9\CM-MY4

BMXTA3JBZR*!E@=*#


XRRZ*X.\7.QLV52OASJQK(J+5%D0
MSI4B+I@^9%HXBH-VE6.:[6!=SRL=CRO_B!J6Q55Z0Z!*:N8MZ
P'OW9T[GQ8

M-BE/='3)'S=UEA+
P[B0'DR



$D%C=W#*8T

3DHH:G-

M
DZ#Y?<!\56DG.H C
M\K3-N8=K9VO(R/'Y6U--+^IR!XZ[7'G=N;9+EM:_TO4J#MF.ROF.<@NS^]\)
M/N&(7/# )K@K)VS,RO&Y87-M+^J(!P_.WKHKGCX&2F=\3.=QSF(V=WQ)._@
:QC+O


'%
MMZ

%TV



8OBCRDG;GXKM^=(%2;^%GQILQ_1R58A

H7FC45O#N;







MU-T6$_L4O




$A\+_!M(X=\QN8+Y4
F\^U-LLU-E5[9[L=LGV2N$
M=S!_CD

M@/Y;9NC'IM!Z0:K$!S@-PX

M*_\.R]L&&5.]T;AO^NF@1NIOO
]J;\S2+]( Z; -_BAJ6 +T6=!^]TC
=0HD

'?/ ^[%E2





M(*!CD-5C\-B

)@_[Q/GA(I/'NF-[L^[Q1


5!5QHN

MWS5ZA6K=2]:)&[@HQ**@&2AF=#\#
F!836\44F1^(YL M7 H,RP4H\MK
M;5 L')#+.&ET%NSC




M-8/N =H=XE[%DL'QM0=!G&RZV3(N)#CLM+
.QBZ?_;3EH@2;+9 .OU@:C&;
M;4$1)Y#0D&ND5 



MQZ4]LVMV)&AL?XW\@

M[.[-0 *5+N:5.+$'\
]9FAURPRQ.8[]!@]8Z^'7DZ2**IVFL@9&]7_[5 ZV;

U(2'Z =J72N0BJ2RNU^I#\C^YJ4I&BU&8=B1

MRR7



.4#CR

M:&RV]#KDIBJ+
D@CG$:KWL
W[\JZ

N/W/]K
!YG%2X

]VR'IL@G






M&7%1_OJE695Y]D2JD
5DHYCH+*QU5K9='8_?FFZC)KYL+@-U[]^^I






X2-^$'1*









M#4'=T@M[&









M [JPS5D.\$][;.8YSDHD#ZF_MDUN@E?R8N#7((_XT.DJI;Y8M4*8[SMNEA@S

MC(F-?K9;QU-^AB7EX!;N$0J?


MYW3G5*FL%:*EQP1OQ+\/.[TEO+W
X_FU&XDK1F^W

J$*WGDCL #U8S;P@9+PD7DL%?4#X_2


]=Y#:M5C2].4Y/



*\-#11-G]V 7#W/

TN&+4\:I1O

M#UB@&
SN:Y9&CXM-UE;2:BOBM95QVO*IPM
84Y _*6EB!Q:7:WAW-8P)
^CG

M@&%O!6B
07OFQ177)94C]1ZHEE)9-R:Y#%V@=8M8X[*':&7($;G=*3&3YO:@
M3.%[7)XP;@BZY0G=FY$&W+K6HXTUFW/2%N8YC
S?*U92.IB)5++T/36EX$]+


RF9+].EGD3O


8?R
;55F^/=I;D3IMI#37/S'N[  W,62*9EOM1N90 +VU54T(JC+_F)X.@



M8=%&85F_*ZF?T\7G_5!&R



V9$FI)DY.\E^[+D7Q'8(

K'J
MT0+6#U
F$+TB&_ZSB'&H:F93


A 8J]#5?TQ.!UIN]FKJ8.$RR\F1\(!


GPA$&-D%+ZL38U

U%D5+4ET@.CJW
'R!2X/6[6F%YBM3S0Q':U'Z^)C6&+&.[/$L

+LVZL6YRA



W#VE_7GCQ?@ZC,X6]_]!:P_G],?+O[KR]5?U]<7G^_OW)OH&.AV
M370\;FTFS-(:+BRJ\0$#YLY2'D]X+*?[$G_3&H&NTTUU^-S+^33;E9J?^S[

L<7Z7;+-_1)_4TRE?K]F_DK6V;+W4/HZR+6H-.&)/
 U3[5<^02Z#W$?$9-+T%
M+;$^*96S:F?#
@C+@N$29[1]4S(7OW7.7H5-T#@% KP+I:=OUO5 /-4%#\

M*56O2!TCHYO8*V)$R&QJ6IS1A )\2N[VK&BJ@.2Y$E ?I7A@328X[)J5.0@=


PTA]_T=_KHI

0S]W7N=
\37(27+X
M9P8]&*GL0( A9X9PKZA?-]S<-?SO!:7:NHA!P,<M_?.?][+Z;&J=NX,+^M[Z
M)98E0 LIG(.FY5V)&]P6S;^HM8?8Z8R!CZ# ^ 

M?/3;D!:N@U%3MTY]VV!*I];7QY
TT$OAKQ\R)KVL0-
/X#MJZT2NF@L-K$^W
MIR2SZN+LX&T^?%LCXG60-74075X&GU5B^OJ[;V\23C?Q[J[*7/9MV\TI798S
M]S
#WUUHGKGSR:2Q6CIHEH%%2<(-YH7/B.5F%C$Z
Y=6M!X



C':$?L0
M=_$.X\D@XFDHG




MB^G+TWU51DL=A\5D@



E0?&!3L]-_9Y
M;+'2\(


M



[JM;+L _Q=D4TB^5TG<B

MX

=]WPPW^L*
M-/TN;^&Z-:&6T4F)=
*.%UFF _^F
O_VLGL7
(MY]
I

SR

FHA ]*Y#R7C9C.+X<?1Y[,)+R\ZK<,PJUL]#DK(:X!=IT%:7$+0Q@_




;#1=][&(Q7@9



ML-*SK+$U

?DVT\19@
M!#4O-[*7/X8[TD.W98_8WL1IFK:*Z#Y8V#_BQ].CMY4[YK2B:0=G1WM
UN=]




9V
M-7EF^ML3D@C%=?#FZ;6(PR5&[Z:S,F,)9%;!DU#6B(/##W621R:--SCX@/
MQJQK*T/3MIZAC#9CKJR4YJ&BE


M1
MV66]0@%OG**)\J]!(GWJ?


M]$/[77Q
P+X

]J 5Z
M$ AT\0+S

K+OKC

MH 4RH0(_4SH/P*8[4%W(F8W2^
-+6AD[2-KOI?*



MME^M8.RPCK^F'C[!J$K09QL/W-J
O%R!#J7=B^M:LO0V Q@51EP[I7*$GI0U


MBW]6:


:BL7@-'\
TOA?M
H\

U+_]T'8FO?0B7ZY?\@)MVS-9

M]_?PI3Q-Y.^IC^G
NM&


;F;=^&-OPU*.!:A'4]Z2$GMLAQ+4:IND$K(6






MWB.O; ;M15!:.\?#AS?

M!2IM#5#S@\C/HPE*8TRZLY7V@'B0L3!PA#1\UC3N

M3@KI 8!I5PX. 8RE[=_D.:1;4;-X!3^S_WKC=A84UKT'&(O;_A' %-#:L]
O
M!=QL+XHRW@6E]!6=;D/K-M;CM LJU #//TT3?RUHMCN[6,8+UWTR\!B]ZH


M+2&F![:E1F#/HG3A9\^.+H


M:








M
0&=S5D

O?]/^KEY %W _A^
FM*7K7R[B2 &E]7=N74A0]U9IBL_^/:HQX!Q]G+< 6K?SZWO(4=?


M






?&U?HG9KZ(^*),=TZ#I&:4$VQ6@_U^;!7N@$_<F/X=YB*??J;;A
MPDW@[:PLQ?5'-MOF!M;%]YCAJ<PA=NX'.$E1O3JT$F
T8'
'MK^\+^X@N:L



M&C(/L(@9.\]V02RO_ZY![0\6#V0:A45*[3
:^^.FOP4@&+31)\M(Y;%X*C



B5]N5 HA
3@
MYON$_8J!\VEGH+A[W37@^UZ!IG=Z@LSUC\SBT$!6.MDDMJQ]065=X[=% TYC



57;B1OG :QG KMU/I7!J@B[=OWR4HPGP/L
61



MB7X

%AYE\@K*#&2(%/WIX
Y[3$T#



=:Y+1N3 AJ1P#=D.V&^D#M2W%

+P9ZHTYC0%D[Y+I:#3.D.5[

:NSM L 9QK

#W*S OV8YZ_;+/\:Y)&1



MU[&









MUQIF/$SFS%0%4NB;XR+[M8?F=F^R3:0IT
!F$3=)^F-E
I2)+$D-



_93NV(S=0-)%4B

MT(




A;W_M1RT8


PI





7%2SF3'7F;]6S$L\W8AQ;T=EPR;B8Q/^Z8A
N ?FT18L0++SX![]XBQ+



M=[V/)F280VWMTL3[V^ +6-N8X
8#3<V+]382=DOU*LP6<OP8\IZ3T



M*4SOY4SHTTMG9._&SM&X%W.5=(
7C^_T3+:)

MC]VZ
MF&@[

'O
@_U3' :)X(EE#1KKB)+QWP44W\3Y*\G: ]#%D*;V+4((


M+'=:Q4E$G\0ER29/61)=[?9Y]DP-/D;[+K$5N=;8FZ&*@)Z7VNFA3PM(ZA

H


[@O9392%%1YI\J$E)4RPA.&!A+5\!61?^/)R^B:
MZ!Q\']T(FJ



 /\5





MGK.J!W=9STK9Q/NR+85_N=!Z0R;
C#89+^MYT@/
Z:9+2TA=94W+I-'#GF])
MU

MZ%6 IP2 4=25X D-($0.4QRL26-KRM0#&#\IFJ#+67GH6\0=JTQW5SV0JR[X
M5T%2?)#

M_

^1F%<:\;SN+5GRQ*% $3(*$H)]WCMV;CNJ14@?.-9/


ZR4B-CF'_!N/'IS*D$08+DW;$04I+4ZC)
MK
:T&E)T(41)#D

!G=QKNZ../C





M



KJ2]=)F:D*PS7)0DX*:%K3$[J%H-GR]_)H1

M)7D'PRHG]ULN7L*DBF!TB63$U^$J&G9MMA=!GB*FBQN8DX)7RNJM
_5O'X4S
MZ:4'7*Y?T'8
ZIX!AA7@^L9[MG7O^(566C--7D%VZ3
Z&THZ:;24[3W)QIG5


M \88^SNWJ%%
]6/\/R#&G[AHW Z2M:LD=7

Q%9-.K%NJT82=A&



K5
MGS;I_E*-04H*&&W]J$P!$+44C9:ZYFDI(4+=TQ(6M]ASWIP;VU&&.T%N8
MM;D77$($CO(&WQG 6]6
 C7^[S(WPAD.6RO:<IG;L8
]X

B#G'VW!%SSG



M&
8

OC;$7




UP*LG$
QRE/ );




M08J[RY+HO


MMF$C6_T^88%EBZALVQR2#*FT+_VI#OGCQ;JH?#P\4(3

@0
MH5

2)FYJ.!H\U)I\7299%\_(]'1CU?I
M

MKCTIG[: 9NZJ_3XA:X4@ 5$K
'(

1/&
MQP7(7

:-%8-2
5_;S^Z;@\X D_*SFB/!X\7@\&P%[5]N;O'93BK





M96GYA/C\.PQD*Q^33IQA4$M#3^(.\!;.@^X1E+LPWT$XR$4 =1T_-RY1\SB
M9GL+PRP?@5.M7IP[2[F,NDC-MH!VX0]0#091Y4JU1] M5.LW=.@*NS%ZB*
M9=2%JKS\O&ND*L90!ZE: VCQ,=SP495@@SH8KN%^' 


M
@$F$IF)O_['^\+_]$:BV N#O_W4^^7+3Y](
 XG7C#[VT^_OMS]?/G3I__X




MA3YY(M-/V0#^DJR6Y&\_Q=YBZ=.!9[^;1V3ZMY\69$)9/NN=Y





%K2KRN@C&_?O60X




MZT.X=:


'BT/?7

20*8DB


M#JMW:%!2Z^U25?X/FC?EG%V_9NU5U[5O-+HT8BA
J*T[X7[=8=;-2'R?+]3S


BY=&5&Q[K/

D& WU%K2#.+
H4W@H;WKT791O@
))P!;]P1-T/7V
:UYMLNO'=


Z'J^?^+S,3J!_'L\]
M?ZL$TRA<Z).Z'DJHABF-873A,E^S?OH41O 9^MM/O9\^ <+<Z?0$\1%D T_




M1


MNVFH)D(N$


MIR6GC=.SZEBM


-Z_AXS'+
M*I((Q+GWI--KH2^'AX
C/

[/W19AZ;
*TX[3RCFYM#77&*-2F6B9LZ)
MU;


M3;FP)Z$^X&[
2GDY4QNS
Q]
O!F-ZZL8F8)6(#%KGSLNP\7$*JW)6;%'( '%
M5U(J)_8


M8S.T)^*[ZT*@\6[PF_)X*A.O9L].WVJ$IX;@V)/3!/QN3-_2_1LV)F[^[FWD


QT3M6A8 )_6(:QZW^-PG2I



UP5

=&





Z'!V


MC)KO8363EOF\\XYL^XLGSY($Q5&K(O6(UOD8;X:_3J]$\1[0
4M*0V5E.5





<GUBH=CZ*9&WC_SL_NMU7KX#^NW-B+
M1]/'@G0W)6MO2#R.O$S-\DBC UPJT[/1]P*A*&QBF<C9D_P(U#2V4-C( /+


MJFF !D1#]?-0*$88C %G?G#\Y



M!*Y+U0?9EZ./-L$Y]]G)F_=&Z
=4?OI4H3?GO-]B/U)EP*9J(F+0(4:&3 Y5


M*9@-@=;;\L



&
M9U%_%J=I_GZ5\NQ[#X((!H8V?CM-N$L3L++B;U[@+=+%$^79!ZW(-CRP6UF7



1



MR1Z$(:

R#(;
H:8<V
$
U]U I0@8O'J;)/(R\?^_V
V(%.&P%

?R4T?%K

\M)C^L1/)%E&-&XQMT!YVB:



19YTKS4]P%P$01#2$3A&PB




ST-_

A3]9E6J

M^^:^T_HQ4J'M/0?P47A02A)AXXQ=E.WK-J575[[1RZ[XG/.Y0%LT-5=N6Q

DLA[

$S+U@BSJ_&OJ36@TNKT;
M@9

M4^VCSD$NU8#
:/(*QLF_OCM8IQZ29D] I=48/W
+@!BAJ?//A-Y28%55#K^@



H[0M4
+
MB[3L'WC9*4;T[

M:2V@\L- !(I-FT12;/'RX'0A +CN77B72 J3Z\_5 PQV*_(8$F;A2C=:EG1S

MJOH


M@F_?:;5J
LF=@HMEFDNHG.8R7%!5%^F B?Z!;A2.5DVU

MD$'M@JMH=_\F&RW[M_)ZM#6Z!7)1Q-;(Q
]6FOK(N^PHOD2K)[(C.!BL
M+SS^2E)$:LA3A.$C\BT

MI*XOEBOS.0&XD38M#@%8!%GBU^'T3*,W(10C,EJYY83E72EC. ]N0L1*
MT$W5S&Y X%]#Z#3(+JZ9D6L*G%9,Z=WAL(;U(3(U;;R@?'\.6^#]Z Q\UM
M*9)M7_EA(

OEKIL0]C4L;;

MV@%-*.+NZRF  D0

&\E?L?JQNU(U]]FLR8I+VWYRY3;NYRZ


MU9@*




M(
UZ*7WCBJ.!G*

?@1D


M4[D75N7\Z_-+E*6KKX;!9)=_\#P/HR0AT6+_B$RJ!U6Z S91)/'4TY/JR$WE

M9%UXH=


 :0STV1(#!VOXH@OS  ^N3_




MBBL_#!7
VM6'NR$P_+&WKDRR]$DFMV R7(11LH[FYK(CT!I3KP#N41Q=U]
O
MLVS@N+:DX65)[)P7-0.24!R&-[0D;1&:2JBQZLR_#H



W0X^6
MA (
9OD&[$'L&68\#8R@,G0DS87B&?K_W)_CT

5E.Q_

M9E7G7L(GLJ31.\$L/SM35I\:[P#Z4?C5#&I9;39

M\]^0.FDC-W6--@;%8G*H^U&+S:*[4]EA1@
G;--3H[Y
;STX1
*E@B!RV=




=M]M






+E3SN0'UO::JA
9:1;






O/870

Z
&3^=6Y#X*F%2X




+SUK2G3LI-;0N;BTZI2H_@U6Q=:%;*U]K8WW-A_;[4:JX*O4
MZ\@9G. UT [$S/%95

MFUR= 7@K

^K6])CJ1$!YB[

<5:X1*$V]CH'FEAO&)O!WZ?+9QUR



M.JUE03(4^VJK[.K:7X'KMLZJ;JO+OKUBJ.

M6$DLTCFKI#*J+CB^GMQ@QLLW+ST#L'&8.
HB8HOX % 7W%L9)*D96W@*H*
H

)VX$6-L0Q)])IQ+%6R=N'R3[QE]3D'7X7=YJ<FX)UC
MU3L!YMJ0^

M#
[:D/'!$9D(DZDL55O'XWDXUXP$8P_=*7EVJ5&2I=11F15'2KT%?ABG$5$X


M_ H
KIGKWP(AR8IS'

MYLL*@^[P?B7U






G4 XG$/&]#489K
PXCO-Q8W $*LQY/HB(Z]=HJPX?$J
MFQ2VU%G%:P*DH C^%8E



MU@'PAJ+010VA*VF1$'Z7[A?=X-YCL+KVJ'0#)*)PF#:F0^HD=.G:T2V=842\
M65!C!1)V 


M8SV]U(S-*P38W'6@=J[! 9B/4?CFQ51*?J9H\--+N W8W%;*R7CKU$'X0?'J




OXMVO57Z W9QK0!*JE(#

M:C=S

M_I7FO


%Z8!
M5

MH8LY)5M.M%5I0XSU
J7&U:. S%0ZB/U8?X8%!=J]?V8/$^$E
-OIOYI*

M;'8H# 

M?%EX70*YK75SF

MM8N^J8@

MTKY7MUD5$T/O4&0=!_]AS;5L.^8!P50N'C/.H6:/P*Q]'W*S2J5& 8I0N$:5
MZX9


MMX[:%#H XKINCS

M[D^$ZJY+ [T#\?9/[PWIEC$ZFBM9C5
#*S@MZW3K7'ZQ7W;@B#HGYJ%V5&/+

R)CG%::H=EME8S93O)

MM=T5D

=Z




ER(]ZCE@(
M%=]=QWP?3




2M9  HM 36*TY5J'W]E@*8.1'Q+SLK=%2S#
M.$X7&9#XUYA

M)M](



HV&CMC*2F_)
\^F

[TJYZ@.*[:T+<C7O1!_S2V^UR$6RB4:]I!B,00Y<4U8#JPS9 XY/F%DY




+$#6CMHN^I9#DS_BX00[NCX X4RKZBFDSY O
P_EA



UDO



OX8VWU;


3VGEDNDU\T
P.ERXA3X2&L
'OK\
@RZ1(79^FC9_(YL1Q
M1P


OYE%KY]GA/ZF?_D!5KU]0
M/?B5\T!FKG\;))0O=OHMXRD B^.@S:ST]E6$BQM/BKVJD'



M




MAC$L8
!0:AXNA?B'E\R?B)\1&
\HA[=)$_-*7Z*%S59:F(I5<<O:FT$[N.!*K9DCF[?09P?QQ?Y@%J

M;



E

MF:$W.(/+=E_TJJ1Z1LGB*&B=Q)3CEJIT?1)?K:[G;A 0OTHU2D-V 9E1B3R1

AJNN'8T'Y2B/].B?GI]8
I5T\[P&$0@5&F ?Y


'S0/LD_6?PRVY^-B


E[K?\SWY5(36L#[P#V49P#(5%JP[P:
M.F-(:'4?6R[H;^Z_PNC:=^.8Q*/I$/Y)J)OMP7-?/1^D0CZFJ_GVJW?'\C5
M?(%B4U])-RR[FB\^TWB_0L4]3V/*EL%5_


MA\ JBE










B
8UM*QV0 ^*3&[YS-. TP6/Q@$ZZ4VS


MZT8![*GYMZN*&SBGIRA.0[1E+8)CJHRU=2$/Q^-TD?K479 E

MK2]9D$]UU3Z .Q2G!OK37@]A0_=L'E\[7B+BQFFT4ONH
YX&/E XV;4ESL5B

N))

MG0&AN!RK=?1&BI.C.*T


MJ5I:!/K-FY!@$E
JH'

QW^D
M7D1U.DZ^D60NM+-5F@/'*
[]]:2OCHRC#NI^9ZSJ\$22?;S#!:T7KJH.G.9.

&0%XE5I#I2AB.O1D[HZ
M

MW[UD.$Y@%TK35H?!Y!HZ]
:C5]^;K6M-



M?&*O1I7=U&8EU;@&@I0N'Y W!





MF;OQ_


M7)^\CV
%9(A 'CV1#1Z/2ZRQ^N1]J[YJ+O.2Z(ELV)WP8M4MCM?'X8B6SC$9


V\P#G%
M$5;)4P6VXIC$;L@_9C_IIF+RU!D*=[=)B7)UYA!VA^X-VT&CI0'8T1


41]K&51TI)[6+[B$ID:!=5XY4).T-QJGUL71&Q8:JO_VEY68]W)Q$6C7N
MG6(E5R0@4T\8*B-N42A.((Y_O=)@193UP;8UY_=BIJG9V3)!:/I

MT0Y(0G$&9._SQ6E]K4!B#Y0P*M6$6#!+)_[RMJU@J[.74.P$47BACJU5

MAT LBB.WIG1(G0


M)/($$_A-E

MG]B] ($HO



1'-7PMZ=.Q2 CC$ADRQ8



7WOO'5#J@ 9IE4:


M6E-I6^?L'
5)\G&7( $5'

7]WV=!99!9^87ZGWF:O4+
OH@



M A$HMJ!&Y

M8\^]OWZF0WYU8Y*1^_\!4$L! A0#%     @ #X5O2$4UY\I)P$ 1RH: !
M             ( !     &UE9TR
#$U
3(S
2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      /

34Q
C
Q
M+GAS9%!+ 0(4 Q0    (  ^%;T@]F]A =A

 0!M960M
C Q-3$R
S%?9&5F+GAM

M 0!M960M
C Q-3$R
S%?;&%B+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (  ^%;TC-IL%IE54

end



