

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-15-016333
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		13
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20141231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150316
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MEDIFAST INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000910329
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS FOOD PREPARATIONS & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2090]
		IRS NUMBER:				133714405
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31573
		FILM NUMBER:		15703001
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11445 CRONHILL DRIVE
		CITY:			OWINGS MILLS
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21117
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7327640619
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11445 CRONHILL DRIVE
		CITY:			OWINGS MILLS
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21117
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HEALTHRITE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19951120
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	XX
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950619
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	00
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950619









     






WASHINGTON
 D.C. 20549 





    
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION&nbsp;13 OR 15(d)&nbsp;OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE&nbsp;ACT
    OF 1934 



 2014




    
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION&nbsp;13 OR 15(d)&nbsp;OF THE SECURITIES&nbsp;EXCHANGE
    ACT OF 1934 



to &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;.



Medifast
&nbsp;Inc. 
(Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter) 



    
    
    

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation
    or organization)
    
    


11445 Cronhill Dr.
 Owings Mills
 MD
21117
(Address of principal executive offices)&nbsp;(Zip
code) 

Registrant&rsquo;s telephone number
including area code: 


Securities registered pursuant to Section&nbsp;12(b)&nbsp;of
the Act: 



Title
        of each class
    
Name
        of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock
 par value $.001
    
    


Securities registered pursuant to Section&nbsp;12(g)
of the Act: None


is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule&nbsp;405 of the Securities Act.



is not required to file reports pursuant to Section&nbsp;13 or Section&nbsp;15(d) of the Act.



mark whether the registrant (1)&nbsp;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&nbsp;13 or 15(d)&nbsp;of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12&nbsp;months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file
such reports)
 and (2)&nbsp;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90&nbsp;days.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&nbsp;



mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&nbsp;



mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item&nbsp;405 of Regulation&nbsp;S-K (&sect;229.405) is not contained herein
and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part&nbsp;III of this Form&nbsp;10-K or any amendment to this Form&nbsp;10-K.&nbsp;&nbsp;


mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller reporting
company&rdquo; in Rule&nbsp;12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Accelerated
filer&nbsp;&nbsp;
&nbsp;&nbsp;(Do
not check if a smaller reporting company)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Smaller reporting
company&nbsp;&nbsp;


is a shell company (as defined in Rule&nbsp;12b-2 of the Act).
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&nbsp;



 2014
the last business day of the Registrant&rsquo;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter
 the aggregate market value of the
Registrant&rsquo;s common stock (based on the closing sale price of $30.41
 as reported by the New York Stock Exchange on such
date) held by non-affiliates was approximately $368 million based on the closing price as reported on the New York Stock Exchange.


as of March 9
 2015 was 12
140
069.




Meeting of Stockholder&rsquo;s is incorporated by reference into Part III hereof from portions of the Proxy Statement for the
Registrants 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.


    
    


CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS


contains &ldquo;forward-looking statements&rdquo; within the provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;).&nbsp; Forward-looking statements
often include words such as &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo;
&ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;seek
&rdquo;
&ldquo;would
&rdquo; &ldquo;could
&rdquo; and similar words or are made in connection with discussions of future operating or
financial performance.


expectations
 beliefs
 plans
 objectives
 goals strategies as of the date of this Report. Although we believe that these forward-looking
statements and the underlying assumptions are reasonable
 we cannot assure you that they will be correct. By their nature
 forward-looking
statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from what
is anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Some of those factors (in addition to others described elsewhere in this report
and in subsequent securities filings) include:


health
                                         related claims by our customers;

the
                                         effectiveness of our marketing and advertising programs;

adverse
                                         publicity associated with our products or sales channels;

the
                                         departure of one or more key personnel;

our
                                         ability to continue to develop innovative new services and products;

the
                                         failure of our services or products to continue to appeal to the market;

our
                                         ability to protect our brand and other intellectual property rights;

product
                                         liability claims;

disruptions
                                         in our supply chain
 the impact of existing and future laws and regulations
 risks associated
                                         with unauthorized penetration of our information security;

our
                                         ability to successfully make acquisitions or enter into joint ventures
 including our
                                         ability to successfully integrate
 operate or realize the projected benefits of such
                                         businesses; and

overall
                                         economic and market conditions and the resultant impact on consumer spending patterns.
                                         These factors in addition to others described elsewhere in this Report
 including those
                                         described under Item 1A-Risk Factors
 and in subsequent filings with the Securities and
                                         Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;)
 including those set forth in Item 1A of
                                         this Report.


statements
 which speak only as of the date they are made
 are not guarantees of future performance or results
 and are subject
to risks
 uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or quantify. We undertake no obligation to update any information
contained in this Report or to publicly release the results of any revisions to forward-looking statements to reflect events or
circumstances of which we may become aware of after the date of this Report. Undue reliance should not be placed on forward-looking
statements.


    
    






    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    










 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo; or &ldquo;Medifast&rdquo;)
is a Delaware corporation
 incorporated in 1989. The Company&rsquo;s fiscal year ends December 31 and all references to this year
refer to the fiscal year ended December 31
 2014. The Company is engaged in the production
 distribution
 and sale of weight loss
and weight management products and other consumable health and diet products. The Company&rsquo;s operations are primarily conducted
through its wholly owned subsidiaries
 Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 Take Shape For Life
 Inc.
 Jason Enterprises
 Inc.
 Medifast
Franchise Systems (&ldquo;MFSI&rdquo;)
 Inc.
 Jason Properties
 LLC
 Medifast Nutrition
 Inc. and Seven Crondall
 LLC. Medifast
product lines include weight loss and management
 meal replacement
 and vitamins. The Company has one modern
 Food and Drug Administration
(&ldquo;FDA&rdquo;)-approved manufacturing facility located in Owings Mills
 Maryland.




 obesity in the
United States has risen dramatically. In 2013
 the American Medical Association officially declared obesity a disease and The
American Heart Association
 the American College of Cardiology
 and The Obesity Society recommended that obesity be managed as
a chronic disease. Throughout the world
 the World Health Organization estimates that approximately 1.9 billion people are overweight.
In the United States
 over two-thirds of the adult population fall within the overweight or obese categories. According to the
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (&ldquo;CDC&rdquo;)
 over 78 million U.S. adults are obese.


 or greater
.
According to the CDC in 2012
 all states in the U.S. had a prevalence of obesity of at least 20%. Furthermore
 the CDC reported
that forty-one states had adult obesity rates of 25% or higher
 and thirteen of these states had obesity rates that exceeded 30%.


 health conditions
related to obesity include heart disease
 stroke
 Type 2 diabetes
 and certain types of cancers. Obesity is not an age-specific
condition; the CDC showed children and adolescents are also affected. According to the CDC
 the prevalence of obesity in children
age 6-11 years has doubled and obesity rates have quadrupled in adolescents age 12-19 years in the past 30 years. Approximately
18% of children and 21% of adolescents are obese and are at an increased risk of developing health problems such as high blood
pressure
 high cholesterol and prediabetes.


 &ldquo;Projection
of the year&nbsp;2050 burden of diabetes in the&nbsp;US&nbsp;adult population: dynamic modeling of incidence
 mortality
 and prediabetes
prevalence&rdquo; published in 2010 in 
 Type 2 diabetes is expected to increase from 1 in 10 adults to between
1 in 3 and 1 in 5 adults between 2010 and 2050.


contributing to obesity are well-known: unhealthy food choices and lack of physical activity. Studies completed by the CDC reported
Americans incurred $147 billion in costs associated with obesity in 2008 and that average annual medical costs for those who are
obese are over $1
400 higher than those of people in normal weight ranges. The U.S. weight loss market itself is estimated to
be a $65 billion per year industry
 including consumer spending on diet foods
 drinks and low-calorie sweeteners; health clubs
and workout videos; medically supervised and commercial weight loss programs; children&rsquo;s weight loss camps; diet books;
appetite suppressants and more. According to the Trust for America&rsquo;s Health and The Robert Wood Johnson Foundation
 assuming
the current trajectory of trends
 approximately half of U.S. adults would be categorized as obese by 2030. The study also estimates
that there could be 7.9 million new cases of diabetes each year compared with 1.9 million new cases per year in recent years.
The study also notes that there could be 6.8 million new cases of chronic heart disease and stroke per year as compared with 1.3
million new cases per year now. Also according to this study
 health conditions related to obesity will result in an additional
$66 billion in obesity related medical costs as compared to recent spending estimates of $147 billion per year.



In the
direct-to-consumer channel (&ldquo;Medifast Direct&rdquo;)
 customers order Medifast product directly through the Company&rsquo;s
website
 www.medifastnow.com or our in-house call center. This business is driven by a multi-media customer acquisition and retention
strategy that includes both national and regional television
 print
 radio
 digital advertising
 direct mail
 and email as well
as public relations
 word of mouth referrals
 and social media initiatives. The Medifast Direct division focuses on targeted marketing
initiatives to acquire and retain customers and provides support through its on-line community
 MyMedifast
 and its in-house call
center and nutrition support team of registered dietitians to better serve its customers.

&ndash;
Take Shape For Life is the personal coaching division of Medifast. This physician led coaching network consists of independent
contractor health coaches (&ldquo;Health Coaches&rdquo;)
 who are trained to provide coaching and support to clients on Medifast
weight-loss products and programs. The role of the Health Coach is to give clients the encouragement and mentoring to assist them
to successfully reach a healthy weight and adopt a healthy lifestyle. The Take Shape For Life program provides a road map to empower
the individual to take control of their health through adopting better long-term habits. Take Shape For Life moves beyond the
scope of weight loss to teach clients how to achieve optimal health through the balance of body
 mind
 and finances. Health Coaches
 book
 book

of Health
to create a lifelong health optimization program. In addition to the encouragement and support of a Health Coach
 clients of Take
Shape For Life are offered a bio-network of support including product and program information on our website
 weekly medical and
general support calls
 and access to our registered dietitians.


    
    




with their primary care physician and a Health Coach to determine the Medifast program that is right for them. Health Coaches
are required to become qualified based upon testing of their knowledge of Medifast products and programs. Our Health Coaches provide
coaching and support to their clients throughout the weight-loss and weight-maintenance process. Health Coaches are qualified
based upon testing of their knowledge of Medifast products and programs. Most new Health Coaches are introduced to the opportunity
by an existing Health Coach. The vast majority of new Health Coaches started as weight-loss clients of a Health Coach
 had success
on the Medifast program
 and became a Health Coach to help others through the weight-loss process.


sales referred to the Company. Health Coaches can earn compensation under the Integrated Compensation Plan in two ways:

Commissions:
                                         The primary way a Health Coach is compensated is through earning commissions on product
                                         sold. Health Coaches earn commissions by referring product sales through their own replicated
                                         website or through the Company&rsquo;s in-house call center. The clients of Health Coaches
                                         are responsible for ordering and paying for products
 and their order is shipped directly
                                         from the Company to the client&rsquo;s home or designated address. Our Health Coaches
                                         do not handle payments and are not required to purchase or store products in order to
                                         receive a commission. In addition
 Health Coaches do not receive a commission on their
                                         own personal product orders. Health Coaches pay the same price for products as their
                                         clients. The Company pays retail commissions to qualified Health Coaches on a weekly
                                         basis.

Bonuses:
                                         Health Coaches are offered several bonus opportunities
 including client support bonuses
                                         certification bonuses
 team growth bonuses
 generation bonuses
 elite leadership bonuses
                                         consistency bonuses
 client acquisition bonuses
 and assist bonuses. The purposes of
                                         these bonuses are to reward Health Coaches for successfully referring product sales to
                                         the Take Shape For Life network
 and to incentivize Health Coaches to further support
                                         and develop other Health Coaches within their network. Health Coaches are encouraged
                                         to reach full integration at their appropriate business level (Health Coach
 Business
                                         Coach
 Business Leader). An Integrated Health Coach is rewarded for their higher level
                                         of performance by receiving higher earning potential for the bonuses outlined below.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
                                         Company pays bonuses on a monthly basis to qualified Health Coaches. 


Client
                                         Support bonuses are paid to Health Coaches who have at least $1
200 in frontline product
                                         sales to either clients or personally sponsored Health Coaches. These are incremental
                                         bonuses based on each Health Coach&rsquo;s frontline product sales performance.

Certification
                                         bonus are paid to Health Coaches who have purchased the Center for Obesity Prevention
                                         and Education (COPE) online certification course
 completed the course work and passed
                                         a final examination. This bonus is earned on all frontline product sales starting in
                                         the month certification status is obtained.

Team
                                         growth bonuses are paid to Health Coaches who have at least five ordering clients per
                                         month and who have generated over $1
200 in group product sales per month. Monthly growth
                                         bonuses are incremental bonuses that enable Health Coaches to earn income on product
                                         orders placed by clients and/or Health Coach teams within their network.

Generation
                                         bonuses are paid to Health Coaches who qualify as an &ldquo;Executive Director&rdquo;
                                         and have one or more Health Coaches in their business who have achieved the rank of Executive
                                         Director. An &ldquo;Executive Director&rdquo; is a Health Coach who has obtained five
                                         Qualifying Points. &ldquo;Qualifying Points&rdquo; are points earned for every $1
200
                                         in frontline product sales generated or every qualified Senior Coach team. A &ldquo;Senior
                                         Coach&rdquo; is a Health Coach who generates at least $1
200 a month in group product
                                         sales from a combination of at least five personally enrolled
 ordering clients
 and/or
                                         Health Coaches
 Health Coach teams
 or a combination of both.

Elite
                                         leadership bonuses are paid to Health Coaches who qualify as an Executive Director and
                                         have three or more Health Coaches in their business who have achieved the rank of Executive
                                         Director.

Consistency
                                         bonuses are paid to Health Coaches who are certified and maintain frontline product sales
                                         and/or qualified Senior Coach team performance with order consistency month after month.
                                         Health Coaches who generate at least $2
000 or more in frontline product sales for three
                                         consecutive months are paid a Health Coach consistency bonus. Certified Health Coaches
                                         who maintain at least $6
000 in frontline product sales
 at least $15
000 in group product
                                         sales
 and qualify five Senior Coach teams for three consecutive months are paid a Fully
                                         Integrated Business Coach Consistency Bonus.

The
                                         client acquisition bonuses are paid to new Health Coaches who develop five frontline
                                         clients and generate $1
000 in frontline product sales within their first 30 calendar
                                         days in Take Shape For Life program.

The
                                         assist bonuses are paid to Health Coaches who assist a newly sponsored Health Coach attain
                                         the Client acquisition bonus.


or bonus when they recruit a new Health Coach into the Take Shape For Life network. Fees paid by new Health Coaches for start-up
materials are at the Company&rsquo;s approximate cost.


Direct Selling Association (the &ldquo;DSA&rdquo;)
 a national trade association representing over 200 direct selling companies
doing business in the United States. To become a member of the DSA
 Take Shape For Life
 like other active DSA member companies
underwent a comprehensive and rigorous one-year company review by DSA legal staff that included a detailed analysis of its company
business-plan materials. This review is designed to ensure that a company&rsquo;s business practices do not contravene DSA&rsquo;s
Code of Ethics. Compliance with the requirements of the Code of Ethics is paramount to becoming and remaining a member in good
standing of DSA. Accordingly
 we believe membership in DSA by Take Shape For Life demonstrates its commitment to the highest standards
of ethics and a pledge not to engage in any deceptive
 unlawful
 or unethical business practices. Among those Code of Ethics proscriptions
are pyramid schemes or endless chain schemes as defined by federal
 state
 or local laws. Moreover
 Take Shape For Life
 like
other DSA member companies in good standing
 has pledged to provide consumers with accurate and truthful information regarding
the price
 grade
 quality
 and performance of the products Take Shape For Life markets.


    
    


Franchise Medifast Weight Control Centers

 the Company
sold 41 corporate centers to existing franchise partners and closed the remaining 34 corporate centers.


 MFSI
 a subsidiary of Medifast
began offering the Center model as a franchise opportunity. MFSI currently has franchised centers located in Arizona
 California
Louisiana
 Minnesota
 Maryland
 Pennsylvania
 Texas
 Virginia and Wisconsin. As of December 31
 2014
 73 franchise locations were
in operation.


Control Center franchise opportunity in all states under a registered (where required) franchise disclosure document (&ldquo;FDD&rdquo;).
The MFSI Franchise Agreement requires franchisees to develop a minimum of three Medifast Weight Control Centers within a defined
geographic area in the time frame set forth in the Development Agreement between MFSI and the franchisee.


on our franchisees&rsquo; active involvement in
 and management of
 Medifast Weight Control Center operations. Candidates are
reviewed for appropriate operational experience and financial stability
 including specific net worth and liquidity requirements.
Upon execution of the Franchise and Development Agreements
 franchisees are required to promptly select sites for the Centers
each of which are subject to MFSI&rsquo;s approval.


the franchise fee for the first Center to be developed and a non-refundable deposit for the second and third Centers to be developed
and covers the cost of MFSI resources provided for
 among other things
 the training of franchisees and their staff
 and approval
of the proposed territory for development. If a franchisee desires to open more than three centers in the designated territory
there is an additional fee charged for each additional Center to be developed.


Weight Control Center franchise established under the Franchise and Development Agreements
 MFSI will do the following:


designate the Center&rsquo;s protected
                                         territory.


review for approval the sites
                                         selected by the franchisee for the Center.


review for approval the lease
                                         governing the location where the Center is to be located.


provide the franchisee with standard
                                         plans and specifications for the build-out of the Center along with a list of equipment
                                         and improvements which the franchisee is required to purchase and install.





provide the franchisee on-site
                                         assistance and guidance for approximately three to five days on or about the opening
                                         of the Center.


provide the franchisee with online
                                         access to a password-protected
 electronic version of the Medifast Weight Control Centers&reg;
                                         Franchise Operations Manuals.


 in certain limited circumstances
cause its affiliate to provide products at a discounted price. Medifast may
 in certain circumstances guarantee a franchisee&rsquo;s
notes
 leases or other obligations. MFSI does not offer direct or indirect financing.


option included in its Franchise Agreement
 it does have the right of first refusal to acquire a Center if the franchisee wishes
to sell a Center.

&ndash; Since 1980
 over 20
000 doctors
have recommended Medifast products and programs to their patients as a medically-proven solution to control their weight and improve
their health. Medifast medical provider practices carry an inventory of wholesale products and resell them to patients while providing
appropriate medical monitoring
 testing
 and support to ensure healthy weight loss.


their staff and their patients in achieving success with their program. Medifast medical providers have access to marketing assets
and training modules to help the practice grow their program and enable patients to achieve their weight loss and associated health
goals. Medifast&rsquo;s nutrition support team includes registered dietitians and a behavioral specialist who provide program
support and advice via phone and email.


 the Company began piloting an
online offering that features a resource center that gives Medifast medical providers access to the most current product and program
material to support their patients and their business. In addition to opening up the opportunity for our current Medifast medical
providers to incorporate an e-commerce solution into their Medifast offering
 they&nbsp;now have access to online training
 news
and tips from Medifast
 and customizable marketing material to help them reach more patients via our wholesale healthcare channel.


 the Company entered into a 3-year
strategic partnership with Medix
 a leader in pharmaceutical obesity products in Mexico. The agreement granted Medix an exclusive
license for the distribution of Medifast products and programs through physicians and weight control centers in Mexico under the
Medifast brand. Inventory is shipped to Medix within the United States and the resulting revenues are classified as domestic sales
for the Company.


    
    




 the Company and Medix
amended their agreement to provide an exclusive 5-year licensing agreement to increase distribution of Medifast meal replacement
products and programs beyond Mexico and into Argentina
 Bolivia
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Dominican Republic
 Ecuador
 El
Salvador
 Guatemala
 Honduras
 Nicaragua
 Panama
 Paraguay
 Peru
 Venezuela
 and Uruguay. In September 2013
 Medix held the grand
opening of the first international Medifast Weight Control Center in Mexico City. Medix now has four weight control centers open
in Mexico with plans to expand. In December 2013
 Medix opened the first Medifast Weight Control Center in Bogota
 Colombia. In
March 2014
 Medix acquired 13 Slim Center locations across Mexico City and Guadalajara. This acquisition gives them 12 locations
in Mexico City
 creating a strong geographic footprint and allows them to integrate complementary weight management brands including
Medifast
 Slim Center and Medix nutraceuticals. The Slim Center locations are currently selling Medifast products with plans to
deploy the Medifast weight loss and maintenance programs in 2015. Including the 4 Medifast Weight Control Centers and the 13 Slim
Centers
 Medix now has 17 locations in operation in Mexico that offer Medifast products. The Company expects this relationship
to continue to grow throughout 2015 with the focus on expanding into additional countries and further penetrating the market in
established regions.


presence into Canada in March 2014
 opening new channels of distribution. Our current sales are through the Medifast Direct and
Medifast medical provider channels
 with the long-term goal of expanding other Medifast channels into Canada.




and programs have historically been subject to seasonality. Traditionally the holiday season impacts the fourth quarter with fewer
sales of diet control products and services. January and February generally show increases in sales
 as these months are considered
the commencement of the &ldquo;diet season.&rdquo;




proven weight loss
 weight management
 and health living products and programs. Medifast offers clinically proven products and
programs for weight management
 weight maintenance
 healthy living and long-term health through multiple channels of distribution.
Medifast products are high-quality
 portion-controlled meal-replacement foods.


with Type 2 diabetes and offers products with a nutritionally balanced formulation. Portion-controlled
 meal-replacement weight-management
programs are continuing to gain popularity
 as consumers search for a safe and effective solution that provides balanced nutrition
effective weight loss
 and valuable behavior-modification education.




multi-disciplinary
 international panel that serves as the foundation for scientifically-valid
 consumer-centric
 high quality
innovations for lasting health. Its mission is to help guide Medifast in making informed decisions regarding medical
 nutritional
and scientific matters by providing expertise and information on research and emerging trends.


heritage of medically sound approaches to weight loss
 and the incorporation of leading-edge clinical research into the Company&rsquo;s
products and programs. The Scientific Advisory Board is chaired by Lawrence Cheskin
 M.D.
 F.A.C.P.
 associate professor of Health
Behavior
 and Society at Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health and director at Johns Hopkins Weight Management Center.




the highly competitive weight-loss industry. These include a wide variety of commercial weight-loss programs
 pharmaceutical products
books
 self-help diets
 dietary supplements
 appetite suppressants
 and meal replacements. Medifast&rsquo;s identified peers and
competitors in the general health and wellness diet industry include NutriSystem Inc.
 Herbalife Ltd.
 USANA Health Sciences
and Weight Watchers International
 Inc. The Company believes that it competes effectively in the weight-loss industry and differentiates
itself from the competition.


clinical heritage and ongoing commitment to evaluating its products and programs through clinical research are primary differentiators
that allow it to compete in this market. Another primary differentiator is the Company&rsquo;s unique multi-channel distribution
strategy
 which provides varying support modalities
 and broadens the availability of the Medifast brand by targeting a customer&rsquo;s
individual needs. Originally developed by a physician
 Medifast has been on the cutting edge in the development of nutritional
and weight-management products since the Company was founded. Medifast meals are individually portioned
 calorie- and carbohydrate-controlled
meal replacements that share a similar nutritional &ldquo;footprint&rdquo; and provide a balance of protein and good carbohydrates
including fiber.


Company&rsquo;s unique multi-channel distribution strategy
 which provides varying support modalities
 and broadens the availability
of the Medifast brand by targeting a customer&rsquo;s individual needs. Medifast medical providers offer Medifast products and
programs to patients in their practice and utilize wholesale sales. Medifast Direct serves customers through the Medifast website
and call center with a free online community
 various online support tools
 along with free access to registered dietitians and
certified personal trainers. The Take Shape For Life division offers the personal support of a Health Coach that is often a person
who has achieved success with Take Shape For Life and has turned their success into a business opportunity. Medifast Weight Control
Centers offer a supervised and structured model for customers who prefer more accountability and personalized counseling including
body analysis and metabolic rate reviews as part of the ongoing program. Medifast programs utilize meal replacements as part of
a structured meal plan that clinical research has shown to be an effective way to lose and maintain weight loss over time.


    
    






 Medifast has been on the
cutting edge in the development of nutritional and weight-management products since the Company was founded. The Company offers
a variety of weight loss
 weight management products
 and healthy living products under the Medifast
 Thrive by
Medifast
 Optimal Health by Take Shape For Life
 brands and for select private label customers.
The Medifast meal replacement line includes more than 70 options
 including
 but not limited to bars
 bites
 pretzels
 puffs
cereal crunch
 drinks
 eggs
 hearty choices
 oatmeal
 pancakes
 pudding
 soft serve
 shakes
 smoothies
 soft bakes
 and soups.
The Thrive by Medifast and Optimal Health by Take Shape For Life lines include a variety of specially formulated bars
 shakes
and smoothies for those who are maintaining their weight for long-term healthy living.


with high-quality
 low-calorie
 and low-fat ingredients. Medifast meals are individually portioned
 calorie- and carbohydrate-controlled
meal replacements that share a similar nutritional &ldquo;footprint&rdquo; and provide a balance of protein and good carbohydrates
including fiber. Medifast meal replacements are also fortified to contain 24 vitamins and minerals
 as well as other nutrients
essential for good health.


expand through the Company&rsquo;s marketing campaigns
 improved product quality
 and an emphasis on quality customer service
technical support
 and publications developed by the Company&rsquo;s marketing staff. Medifast products have been proven to be
effective for weight loss and weight management in clinical studies conducted by researchers from leading universities. The Company
has continued to develop its sales and marketing operations with qualified management and innovative programs. The Company&rsquo;s
facility in Owings Mills
 Maryland manufactures all powder based products and the Company subcontracts the production of all other
products.




most new products in the Company&rsquo;s history. New introductions include meal replacements
 Flavors of Home Meals
 Thrive by
Medifast &amp; Optimal Healthy by Take Shape For
 Flavor Infusers
 Energy Drops
 Snacks
 Sleep &amp; Stress
 and Fitness &amp;
Tracking . Medifast identifies opportunities to expand its product line by regularly surveying its customer base and studying
industry and consumer trends. This allows Medifast to introduce new
 high quality products that meet consumer demand.




 Medifast continued to build and
leverage its core Medifast brand through multiple marketing strategies for each of our distinct distribution channels: Medifast
Direct
 Medical Wholesale
 Medifast Weight Control Centers
 and Take Shape For Life to their target audiences. Customer acquisition
and retention strategies include national and regional advertising across television
 online properties
 print publications
 direct
mailings
 email campaigns
 radio
 and sponsorships. In addition
 the Company executed strategic public relations efforts to secure
local and national editorial placements to raise brand awareness. Medifast and Take Shape For Life have also developed a comprehensive
social media strategy utilizing Facebook
 Twitter
 YouTube
 blogger endorsements
 and more. These mediums were used to target
new customers by stressing Medifast's simple
 safe
 and effective approach to weight loss and management and long term optimal
health. Many of these programs were also utilized to reactivate
 encourage and support existing customers and Coaches. Medifast
continued to enhance all company websites and launched an entirely overhauled digital dashboard and mobile application.




 Inc.
 the Company&rsquo;s
wholly owned subsidiary
 manufactures and produces approximately 43% of Medifast products in their manufacturing facility in Owings
Mills
 Maryland. The Company purchased the plant in July 2002 and increased production capacity with additional investments in
blending and packaging equipment in the past two years. The new equipment has significantly improved the Company's production
capability
 while also improving overall efficiencies. The raw materials utilized in the manufacturing of the Company&rsquo;s
products are sourced from multiple suppliers within the United States. The remaining 57% of Medifast products are manufactured
by third party vendors in accordance with Medifast proprietary formulas and manufacturing standards. The Owings Mills manufacturing
facility is regulated and inspected by the FDA
 the USDA and the Maryland State Department of Health and Mental Hygiene. It is
certified as a Safe Quality Food Program (SQF) Level 2 facility compliant with the Global Food Safety Initiative.




 processing
 packaging
labeling
 marketing
 advertising and selling of the Company's products are subject to regulation by federal
 state and local agencies.
Products must comply with the Federal Food Drug and Cosmetic Act
 the Food Safety Modernization Act
 the Federal Trade Commission
Act
 State Consumer Protection laws and several other federal
 state and local statutes and regulations applicable in localities
in which the company products are made or are sold.


departments are the major agencies whose regulatory mission is to assure that products are made using approved: ingredients
 manufacturing
procedures and testing to ensure that Safe Quality products are delivered to consumers. The Federal Trade Commission (&ldquo;FTC&rdquo;)
has principal regulatory control over the Company&rsquo;s advertising and trade practices
 its enforcement powers are aimed at
protecting the consumer from being deceived by unfair marketing and trading practices.


has principal regulatory control over the Company&rsquo;s advertising. To the extent that sales of foods and nutritional supplements
may constitute improper trade practices or endanger the safety of consumers
 the operations of the Company are subject to the
regulations and enforcement powers of the FTC
 and the Consumer Product Safety Commission. In 2012
 a subsidiary of the Company
entered into a consent decree with the FTC regarding certain statements in the Company&rsquo;s advertising for its weight-loss
programs. See Note 8
 &ldquo;Contingencies&rdquo;.


    
    






 like other producers and
distributors of ingested products
 faces an inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that
 among other
things
 the use of its products results in injury. The Company maintains insurance against product liability claims with respect
to the products it manufactures. With respect to the retail and direct marketing distribution of products produced by others
the Company's principal form of insurance consists of arrangements with each of its suppliers of those products to name the Company
as beneficiary on each of such vendor's product liability insurance policies. The Company does not buy products from suppliers
who do not maintain such coverage.




 2014
 the Company&rsquo;s subsidiaries employed
579 full-time employees
 of whom 213 were engaged in manufacturing
 logistics
 and supply chain support
 and 366 in marketing
administrative
 Medifast Weight Control Centers
 call center and corporate support functions. None of the employees are subject
to a collective bargaining agreement with the Company. All employees are employed by either Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc. or Jason
Properties
 LLC.

INFORMATION SYSTEMS INFRASTRUCTURE



are hosted at a co-location data center located in Baltimore
 Maryland. This data center is SSAE16 and PCI-DSS compliant. This
facility provides redundant network connections
 uninterruptible power supplies
 robust physical security
 fire prevention controls
and diesel generated power back up for the equipment on which our websites rely. Our servers and our network are monitored 24
hours a day
 seven days a week.


customer data
 including regularly scheduled penetration security tests on our websites. We also use an industry leading network
monitoring service for our Intrusion Detection Services solution along with Intrusion Prevention System devices on our network&rsquo;s
perimeter. When our customers place an order or access their account information
 we use secure channels to encrypt and transmit
information. Our security certificates encrypt all information entered before it is sent to our servers. We have a secondary firewall
layer of security between our customer facing websites and the databases which house their information and we have deployed mitigation
devices to protect against Distributed Denial of Service attacks. Customer data is protected against unauthorized access. We have
a redundant network across our organization which provides for inter-connectivity and redundancy for our corporate locations.


 we will continuously
improve and upgrade our information systems and infrastructure while maintaining their reliability and integrity.




marketed by the Company are sold primarily under its own trademarks and trade names.

Ours policy is to protect our
products and programs through trademark registrations both in the U.S. and in significant international markets. The Company carefully
monitors trademark use and promotes enforcement of its trademarks in a manner that is designed to balance the cost of such protection
against obtaining the greatest value for the Company.




 Owings
Mills


 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports filed
or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) and 15(d) of The Exchange Act are also available free of charge on our website
 as soon
as reasonably practicable after such material is filed with
 or furnished to
 the SEC. The information contained on our corporate
website is not a part of and is not incorporated by reference in this Report.




Officer have filed their certifications as required by the SEC regarding the quality of the Company&rsquo;s public disclosure
for each of the periods ended during the Company&rsquo;s fiscal year ended December 31
 2014 and the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2014. Further
 the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer has certified to
the New York Stock Exchange (&ldquo;NYSE&rdquo;) that he is not aware of any violation by the Company of the NYSE corporate governance
listing standards
 as required by Section&nbsp;303A.12(a) of the NYSE listing standards.


    
    







    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
79
233
000
74
732
000
69
017
000
62
303
000

    
57
924
000
55
574
000
50
734
000
44
975
000

    
9
930
000
10
094
000
7
508
000
4
161
000

    
6
545
000
6
619
000
5
281
000
2
584
000

    
5
967
000
5
720
000
4
855
000
(3
361
000

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
87
007
000
88
297
000
78
477
000
70
273
000

    
64
856
000
65
568
000
58
217
000
51
925
000

    
9
170
000
11
334
000
8
772
000
9
767
000

    
6
246
000
7
381
000
6
311
000
7
197
000

    
5
933
000
7
073
000
5
673
000
5
290
000

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



to as &ldquo;EPS&rdquo;) is computed independently for each of the quarters presented; accordingly
 the sum of the quarterly earnings
per common share may not equal the total computed for the year.



In evaluating the Company
 the following
risk factors in addition to all other information in this Report should be considered carefully when reading this Report. If any
of the events described below occurs
 the Company&rsquo;s business financial condition and operating results could be materially
and adversely affected. Additional risks and uncertainties also may adversely affect our business and operations including those
discussed in Item 7. &ndash; Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this
Form 10-K. If any of the following events actually occur
 our business and financial results could be materially adversely affected.


We may be subject to health related
claims from our customers.


may allege that the Medifast program contributed to the ailment. The Company is not currently the subject of any such claims;
however
 we would defend ourselves vigorously against such claims. Regardless of the ultimate outcome
 such claims could reduce
our brand image and customer loyalty and defending against such claims would be costly and could adversely affect our results
of operations and financial condition.

Much of our growth and future profitability depends on the
effectiveness of our advertising spent in the Direct Response marketing channel.


to attract and retain customers which significantly depends on our marketing practices. Our marketing expenditures may not result
in increased revenue or generate sufficient awareness of the program or the brand to the consumer. We may not be able to manage
our advertising expenditures in a cost effective manner which may increase the cost to acquire a new customer to an elevated level
that will decrease profits.

Adverse publicity associated with our products
 ingredients
or sales channels
 or those of similar companies
 could harm our financial condition
 operating results
 and stock price.


 whether or not accurate
relating to the Company
 our products or our operations
 our sales channels and independent Health Coaches and franchisees could
adversely impact the Company&rsquo;s financial condition
 operating results
 and stock price. If the press were to come out with
negative media about low-calorie diets
 meal replacements
 or soy protein this could harm our business. Even if not directed at
Medifast
 this perception could be instilled in our target market and cause harm to our operating results. In addition
 it could
lead to lawsuits or other legal challenges and could negatively impact our reputation
 the market demand for our products
 or
our general business.

Our lack of control over individual
Health Coaches could result in claims against us.


contractors and
 accordingly
 we are not in a position to directly provide the same oversight as we would if Health Coaches were
our own employees. As a result
 there can be no assurance that our Health Coaches will participate in our marketing strategies
or plans
 accept our introduction of new products
 or comply with our health coach policies and procedures despite our internal
compliance efforts.


number of independent Health Coaches will increase or remain constant or that their productivity will increase. The number of
active independent Health Coaches may not increase and could decline in the future. Independent Health Coaches may terminate their
services at any time
 and
 like most direct selling companies
 we experience turnover among new independent Health Coaches from
year to year. We cannot accurately predict any fluctuation in the number and productivity of independent Health Coaches because
we primarily rely upon existing independent Health Coaches to sponsor and train new independent Health Coaches and to motivate
new and existing independent Health Coaches. Our operating results could be adversely affected if we and our existing independent
Health Coaches do not generate sufficient interest in our business to successfully retain existing independent Health Coaches
and attract new independent Health Coaches.


    
    




state and local laws regulate our business
 products and direct selling program. While we have implemented health coach policies
and procedures designed to govern their conduct and to protect the trademarks and brand of the Company
 it can be difficult to
enforce these policies and procedures because of the large number of Health Coaches and their statuses as independent contractors.
Violations by our independent Health Coaches of applicable law or of our policies and procedures in dealing with customers could
reflect negatively on our products and operations and harm our business reputation. In addition
 it is possible that a court could
hold us civilly or criminally accountable based on vicarious liability because of the actions of our Health Coaches.

The loss of key personnel could adversely affect our ability
to operate and result in a negative financial condition.


components of our Company. Although we do not anticipate the departure of any key employees including but not limited to the executive
management team
 we cannot guarantee their tenure indefinitely. Our future success depends to a significant degree on the skills
experience and efforts of our key executive officers. The loss of the services of any of these individuals could harm our business.
If any of our key executive officers left the business could be harmed.

If we do not continue to develop innovative
new services and products or if our services and products do not continue to appeal to the market
 our business may suffer.


to changing customer demands based
 in large part
 on the efficacy and popular appeal of weight management programs. Our future
success depends on our ability to continue to develop and market new services and products and to enhance our existing services
and products
 each on a timely basis to respond to new and evolving customer demands
 achieve market acceptance and keep pace
with new nutritional and weight management developments. We may not be successful in developing
 introducing on a timely basis
or marketing any new or enhanced services and products
 and we cannot assure you that any new or enhanced services or products
will appeal to the market. Our failure to develop new services and products and to enhance our existing services and products
or the failure of our services and products to continue to appeal to the market could have an adverse impact on our ability to
attract and retain members and subscribers and thus adversely affect our business.

Third parties may infringe on our brand and other intellectual
property rights
 which may have an adverse impact on our business


trademark
 copyright
 trade secret
 patent and other intellectual property laws and confidentiality procedures to establish and
protect our proprietary rights
 including our brand. If we fail to successfully enforce our intellectual property rights
 the
value of our brand
 services and products could be diminished and our business may suffer. Our precautions may not prevent misappropriation
of our intellectual property
 particularly in foreign countries where laws or law enforcement practices may not protect our proprietary
rights as fully as in the United States. Any legal action that we may bring to protect our brand and other intellectual property
could be unsuccessful and expensive and could divert management&rsquo;s attention from other business concerns. In addition
 legal
standards relating to the validity
 enforceability and scope of protection of intellectual property
 especially in internet-related
businesses
 are uncertain and evolving. We cannot assure you that these evolving legal standards will sufficiently protect our
intellectual property rights in the future.

Our ability to compete could be negatively affected in the
event we fail to protect our brand names
 trademarks or other intellectual property.


direct to consumer models
 brand awareness is an important factor in our sales strategy. Failure to protect our brand or maintain
an image of good standing with the public could result in a negative effect on our operations. Additionally
 failure to protect
our intellectual property could result in the arrival of a similar competitor which could reduce our competitive edge or decrease
our market share.

As a manufacturer
 we may be subject to product liability
claims.


products for human consumption and topical application
 we could become exposed to product liability claims and litigation. Additionally
the manufacture and sale of these products involves the risk of injury to consumers due to tampering by unauthorized third parties
or product contamination. To date
 we have not been a party to any product liability litigation. We are aware of no instance in
which any of our products are or have been defective in any way that could give rise to material losses or expenditures related
to product liability claims. Although we maintain product liability insurance
 which we believe to be adequate for our needs
there can be no assurance that we will not be subject to such claims in the future or that our insurance coverage will be adequate.

The sale of ingested products involves product liability
and other risks.


are ingested
 we face an inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims if the use of our products results in illness or
injury. The foods that we sell in the United States are subject to laws and regulations
 including those administered by the FDA
that establish manufacturing practices and quality standards for food products. Product liability claims could have a material
adverse effect on our business as existing insurance coverage may not be adequate. The successful assertion or settlement of an
uninsured claim
 a significant number of insured claims or a claim exceeding the limits of our insurance coverage would harm us
by adding costs to the business and by diverting the attention of senior management from the operation of the business. We may
also be subject to claims that our products contain contaminants
 are improperly labeled
 include inadequate instructions as to
use or inadequate warnings covering interactions with other substances. Product liability litigation
 even if not meritorious
is very expensive and could also create adverse publicity and reduce our revenue. In addition
 the products we distribute
 or
certain components of those products
 may be subject to product recalls or other deficiencies. Any negative publicity associated
with these actions would adversely affect our brand and may result in decreased product sales and
 as a result
 lower revenues
and profits.


    
    



A disruption in the supply of raw materials or the inability
of third party manufacturing for certain products could affect operating results. 


quality raw materials for us to utilize in our on-site manufacturing processes. Any disruption in the availability of these materials
could potentially interrupt our ability to provide certain products to customers in a timely manner. Also certain products are
currently manufactured through a third party. The availability of these products is prone to fluctuations dependent on the manufacturer&rsquo;s
ability to secure and produce a quality product that meets our standards. Our inability to secure products in a timely manner
could cause loss of revenue
 loss of customers
 and damage to our brand.

Disruption to the Company&rsquo;s supply chain could adversely
affect its business.


suppliers or to the Company&rsquo;s manufacturing or distribution capabilities due to weather
 natural disaster
 fire
 terrorism
pandemic
 strikes
 or other reasons could impair the Company&rsquo;s ability to manufacture and/or sell its products. Failure
to take adequate steps to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events
 or to effectively manage such events if
they occur
 particularly when a product is sourced from a single location
 could adversely affect the Company&rsquo;s business
or financial results.




products sold to our customers. As a result
 we are dependent upon the uninterrupted and efficient operation of our manufacturing
facility in Owings Mills
 Maryland. Those operations are subject to power failures
 the breakdown
 failure
 or substandard performance
of equipment
 the improper installation or operation of equipment
 natural or other disasters
 and the need to comply with the
requirements or directives of government agencies
 including the FDA. There can be no assurance that the occurrence of these or
any other operational problems at our facility would not have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
or results of operations. We are subject to a variety of environmental laws relating to the storage
 discharge
 handling
 emission
generation
 manufacture
 use and disposal of chemicals
 solid and hazardous waste
 and other toxic and hazardous materials. Our
manufacturing operations presently do not result in the generation of material amounts of hazardous or toxic substances. Nevertheless
complying with new or more stringent laws or regulations
 or more vigorous enforcement of current or future policies of regulatory
agencies
 could require substantial expenditures by us that could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
or results of operations. Environmental laws and regulations require us to maintain and comply with a number of permits
 authorizations
and approvals and to maintain and update training programs and safety data regarding materials used in our processes. Violations
of those requirements could result in financial penalties and other enforcement actions and could require us to halt one or more
portions of our operations until a violation is cured. The combined costs of curing incidents of non-compliance
 resolving enforcement
actions that might be initiated by government authorities
 or of satisfying new legal requirements could have a material adverse
effect on our business
 financial condition
 or results of operations.




our production
 operation
 and advertising. The FTC and certain states regulate advertising
 disclosures to consumers
 privacy
consumer pricing or billing arrangements
 and other consumer matters. Our direct selling distribution channel is subject to risk
of interpretation of certain laws pertaining to the prevention of &ldquo;pyramid&rdquo; or &ldquo;chain sale&rdquo; schemes. Although
we believe we are in full compliance
 should the governing body alter or enforce the law in an unanticipated way
 there may be
a negative result on the Company&rsquo;s operations. Future laws and regulations could potentially have a material negative impact
on the Company. Failure to comply with any regulations of current or future authoritative entities could have a detrimental effect
on the Company&rsquo;s financial standing or operating results.

New or more stringent governmental regulations could adversely
affect our business.


products are highly regulated by a variety of federal
 state
 local and foreign agencies. Changes in laws or regulations
 or interpretations
of those laws
 could result in additional regulatory requirements on us
 such as the recently proposed food safety legislation
that would require registration fees and mandatory product testing. These could increase our costs or restrict our marketing efforts
causing our results of operations to be adversely affected. Increased governmental interest in advertising practices may result
in regulations that could require us to change or restrict our advertising practices.


carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions as a result of concern over climate change may result in increased compliance
costs
 capital expenditures and other financial obligations for us. We use natural gas
 diesel fuel
 and electricity in the manufacturing
and distribution of our products. Legislation or regulation affecting these inputs could materially affect our profitability.
In addition
 climate change could affect our ability to procure commodities at reasonable costs and in quantities required. This
may also necessitate unplanned capital expenditures.


 our selling practices are
regulated by competition authorities in the United States and abroad. A finding that we are in violation of
 or no longer in compliance
with
 applicable laws or regulations could subject us to civil remedies
 including fines
 damages
 injunctions or product recalls
or criminal sanctions
 any of which could adversely affect our business.

The business may grow too quickly for the current infrastructure
to handle.


and our Take Shape For Life division sees a large uptick in recruitment
 we may be unable to handle the growth from an operational
perspective. Increasing demands on our infrastructure could cause long hold times in the call center as well as delays on our
website. In addition
 there could be delays in order processing
 packaging and shipping. We could run out of a majority of our
inventory if growth exceeded our production capacity. If these difficulties are encountered in a period of hyper-growth then our
operating results could suffer.

We are subject to risks associated with our reliance upon
information technology systems. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


reliability
 and proper use of information processing systems and management information technology. Our information technology
systems are designed and selected in order to facilitate order entry and customer billing
 maintain Health Coach and preferred
customer records
 accurately track purchases and incentive payments
 manage accounting
 finance
 and manufacturing operations
generate reports
 and provide customer service and technical support. Although off-site data back-up is maintained
 it is possible
that an interruption in these systems could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 or results of
operations.


    
    



Any deficiencies or shortcomings in our information technology
could prevent an efficient execution of routine business procedures.


to support major business components. Any disruption to the integrity of this support structure including but not limited to;
software
 telecommunications
 Electronic Resource Platform
 or the information technology architecture as a whole could severely
limit our ability to provide customers and vendors with adequate service and operating responses. In addition
 our financial reporting
is directly correlated with our Company-wide software Microsoft Navision 4.0. Any compromise in the veracity of this system could
severely alter the accuracy of our tracking
 volumes
 and general reporting including financial statements.

Our business is subject to online security
risks
 including security breaches and identity theft.


 online commerce
and communications must provide a secure transmission of confidential information over public networks. Currently
 a significant
number of our customers authorize us to bill their credit cards directly for all fees charged by us. We rely on third party software
products to secure our credit card transactions. Although we have developed systems and processes that are designed to protect
consumer information and prevent fraudulent payment transactions and other security breaches
 failure to prevent or mitigate such
fraud or breaches may adversely affect our operating results.

Our stock price may experience volatility
due to fluctuations in our operating results. 


sometimes in response to our operating results
 a competitor&rsquo;s operating results
 other factors beyond the Company&rsquo;s
control
 or our ability to meet stock analysts forecasts and our yearly revenue and EPS guidance. In addition
 general trends
in the weight-loss industry as a whole can have an effect on our stock price. These factors may have an adverse affect on the
market price of our stock and cause it to fluctuate significantly.

Taxation risks could subject us to liability for past sales
increase our costs and could impact our profitability.


and/or state tax authorities of new tax regulations or changes to existing standards and actions by federal
 state
 or local tax
agencies and judicial authorities with respect to applying applicable tax laws and regulations and the resolution of disputes
with any taxing jurisdictions could subject us to liability for past sales
 increase our costs and could impact our profitability.

We may not successfully make acquisitions or enter into
joint ventures and we may not successfully integrate
 operate or realize the anticipated benefits of such businesses. 


 we may
pursue selected acquisitions or joint ventures. We cannot assure you that we will be able to effect these transactions on commercially
reasonable terms or at all. Any future acquisitions or joint ventures may require access to additional capital
 and we cannot
assure you that we will have access to such capital on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we enter into these transactions
we may not realize the benefits we anticipate or we may experience difficulties in integrating any acquired companies and products
into our existing business
 attrition of key personnel from acquired businesses
 significant charges or expenses
 higher costs
of integration than we anticipated
 or unforeseen operating difficulties that require significant financial and managerial resources
that would otherwise be available for the ongoing development or expansion of our existing operations.


our joint ventures may be limited by contract or otherwise. In addition
 we may not be able to influence the occurrence or timing
of distributions from our joint ventures. If any of the other investors in a joint venture fails to observe its commitments
 the
joint venture may not be able to operate according to its business plan or we may be required to increase our level of commitment.
The interests of our joint venture partners may differ from ours
 and they may cause such entities to take actions which are not
in our best interest. If we are unable to maintain our relationships with our joint venture partners
 we could lose our ability
to operate in the geographies and/or markets in which they operate
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
financial condition or results of operations.


also result in the incurrence of additional debt and related interest expense
 as well as unforeseen contingent liabilities
 all
of which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition or results of operations. We may also issue
additional equity in connection with these transactions
 which would dilute our existing stockholders.

The sale of our products in markets
outside of the United States may subject us to risks.


for the sale of our products in international markets and we plan to expand our international sales
 marketing and distribution
activities on our own and through arrangements with partners located in other countries. The sale
 marketing and distribution
of our products and programs in such locations is subject to a number of uncertainties
 including
 but not limited to
 the following:


economic
                                         and political instability;


import
                                         or export licensing requirements;


trade
                                         restrictions;


product
                                         registration requirements;


longer
                                         payment cycles;


changes
                                         in regulatory requirements and tariffs;


    
    



fluctuations
                                         in currency exchange rates;


potentially
                                         adverse tax consequences; and


potentially
                                         weak protection of intellectual rights.

New diets or pharmaceutical solutions could put us at a
competitive disadvantage.


and influenced by many factors. For example
 a low carbohydrate diet trend hit the United States several years ago and had an
adverse impact on many weight loss companies
 including ours. Another new diet could sweep the nation or consumer preferences
could change
 which is common in our industry. Our failure to adapt or respond quickly enough to these changes could have an adverse
affect on our results of operations. In addition
 pharmaceutical companies are constantly trying to develop safe
 effective drugs
that promote weight loss. If successful
 many dieters could perceive this to be easier than the Medifast program
 which would
put us at a competitive disadvantage.

Our results of operations may decline as a result of a downturn
in general economic conditions or consumer confidence.


are highly dependent on product sales and program fees. A downturn in general economic conditions or consumer confidence and spending
in any of our major markets could result in people curtailing their discretionary spending
 which
 in turn
 could lead to a decrease
in product sales in our Medifast Direct and Take Shape For Life divisions and a decrease in product and program fees at our Medifast
Weight Control Centers. Any such reduction would adversely affect our results of operations.

A competitor or new entrant into the market may develop
a product and program similar to or more effective or more favorably perceived than ours. 


We compete with a wide variety of commercial weight loss programs
 pharmaceutical products
 weight loss books
 self-help diets
supplements and meal replacements. Many of our competitors are significantly larger than us and have more financial resources
to develop new products and programs. Our business could be affected if one of our competitors or a new entrant to the market
develops similar products and programs through similar marketing channels or more effective or more favorably perceived products.
This could result in lower sales as well as pricing competition which could adversely affect the Company&rsquo;s results from
operations.








 Maryland
 the Company
owns a 49
000 square-foot manufacturing facility and leases two buildings which serve as corporate headquarters which are set
to expire on August 31
 2016 and October 31
 2017. The Company owns a 119
000 square-foot distribution facility in Ridgley
 Maryland
and leases a second distribution center in Dallas
 Texas which includes a call center
 and is set to expire on March 31
 2018.
Both distribution facilities give the Company adequate product distribution capacity for the foreseeable future. The Company owns
a 3
000 square-foot conference and training facility in Ocean City
 Maryland. The Company leases a raw materials warehouse in
Arbutus
 Maryland that expires in May 2018. The Company also has 77 leases for what were its corporate owned Medifast Weight Control
Centers throughout eight states; Texas
 Florida
 Maryland
 Pennsylvania
 Delaware
 New Jersey
 North Carolina and Virginia. The
77 leases include 3 agreements for centers that were closed in December 2013 and 34 agreements for centers that were closed in
December 2014 that the Company is in the process of negotiating lease terminations or sublease arrangements
 if possible. The
remaining 40 agreements are for centers that were sold to franchise partners during 2014 and the Company entered into sublease
agreements with the franchisees. All corporate leases range in terms from one to ten years.




 2010 in
the U.S. District Court (SD
 Cal) against Barry&nbsp;Minkow&nbsp;and the Fraud Discovery Institute
 Inc. (collectively
 &ldquo;Minkow&rdquo;)
&nbsp;iBusiness&nbsp;Reporting
and its editor William&nbsp;Lobdell
 Tracy&nbsp;Coenen&nbsp;and Sequence
 Inc. (collectively
 &ldquo;Coenen&rdquo;)
 &ldquo;Zee
Yourself&rdquo;
 and Robert L. Fitzpatrick (&ldquo;FitzPatrick&rdquo;) for defamation
 market manipulation and unfair business
practices
 alleging a scheme of market manipulation of Medifast stock for Defendants&rsquo; for monetary gain
 and damaging the
business reputation of Medifast and its Take Shape For Life division. Bradley T. MacDonald
 former Executive Chairman of Medifast
and a stockholder
 joined the lawsuit individually. &nbsp;The lawsuit seeks $270 million in compensatory damages
 punitive damages
and ancillary relief.&nbsp; In March 2011
 the District Court granted in part and denied in part certain Anti-SLAPP Motions to
Strike (i.e. motions to dismiss) previously filed by all Defendants.&nbsp; The Company appealed that portion of the District Court&rsquo;s
ruling which dismissed its defamation claims against&nbsp;Minkow&nbsp;and&nbsp;Coenen&nbsp;in the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals.&nbsp;
Defendant&nbsp;FitzPatrick&rsquo;s&nbsp;motion was denied as to the Company&rsquo;s defamation claim
 and&nbsp;FitzPatrick&nbsp;appealed
that portion of the Court&rsquo;s ruling. &nbsp;On June 4
 2014
 the Panel of the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals issued a decision
denying FitzPatrick&rsquo;s appeal and remanding to the District Court for further consideration; reversing the District Court&rsquo;s
decision as to Minkow and remanding for further consideration; denying MacDonald&rsquo;s appeal in its entirety; and denying Medifast&rsquo;s
appeal as to Coenen.&nbsp; On September 26
 2014
 the District Court obtained jurisdiction of the case once again and the parties
set a briefing schedule on the outstanding issues remanded by the Ninth Circuit. Coenen filed a motion for attorneys&rsquo; fees
which Medifast has opposed. That motion is now fully-briefed and currently remains sub judice. Medifast has been engaged in settlement
discussions with Minkow and FitzPatrick. There is a status conference with the District Court scheduled for March 20
 2015.


    
    




Team Wellness
 Inc. and Team Wellness Louisiana
 LLC for the operation of Medifast centers in the States of Alabama
 Tennessee
and Louisiana. The primary owner and representative of the Team Wellness companies personally guaranteed the companies&rsquo;
obligations.&nbsp;


 Inc. failed &nbsp;to make payments required
under the terms of a Loan Agreement that Team Wellness
 Inc. had entered into with Bank of America and for which Medifast provided
a limited guarantee. As a result
 Medifast served Team Wellness
 Inc. with a Notice of Default and Opportunity to Cure. After
Team Wellness
 Inc. failed to cure and pay the outstanding amounts
 Medifast served Team Wellness
 Inc. with a Notice of Termination.&nbsp;&nbsp;


owed or comply with their post-termination obligations
 Medifast filed a lawsuit against the guarantor and the companies in the
United States Federal Court for the District of Maryland. The complaint seeks damages
 enforcement of the termination of the Franchise
Agreements
 and an injunction ordering the defendants to comply with their post-termination obligations under the Franchise Agreements.
The matter is in its initial stages.


 the Company is
 from time
to time
 subject to a variety of litigation and similar proceedings incidental to its business.&nbsp;&nbsp; Based upon the Company&rsquo;s
experience
 current information and applicable law
 it does not believe that these proceedings and claims will have a material
adverse effect on its results of operations
 financial position or liquidity.






    
    




ITEM 5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.


the symbol MED. The common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange. The following is a list of the low and high closing
prices by fiscal quarters for 2014 and 2013:



    
    

    
    
    


 2014
    
    

    
 2014
    
    

    
 2014
    
    

    
 2014
    
    




    
    

    
    
    


 2013
    
    

    
 2013
    
    

    
 2013
    
    

    
 2013
    
    





of the common stock as of March 9
 2015. This number does not include beneficial owners of our securities held in the name of
nominees.




by the Company during 2014 or 2013. The Company has not and does not plan to declare dividends in the foreseeable future.


line of credit contains customary covenants including covenants that
 in certain circumstances
 restrict the Company&rsquo;s ability
to incur additional indebtedness
 pay dividends on and redeem capital stock
 make other payments
 including investments
 sell
its assets and enter into consolidations
 mergers and transfers of all or substantially all of its assets.




 2014
 there
were 1
211
908 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock eligible for repurchase under the repurchase authorization dated September
16
 2014.






 2014
 the Company adopted a
stockholders&rsquo; rights plan whereby the Board of Directors authorized and declared a dividend distribution of one right
for each outstanding share of common stock of the Company to the stockholders of record at the close of business on September
9
 2014. The rights are not presently exercisable and remain attached to the shares of common stock until the occurrence of
certain triggering events. The rights will expire on August 28
 2015
 unless exercised
 redeemed
 or exchanged prior to that
time. The Board of Directors may terminate the rights plan before the expiration date.


    
    






cumulative total stockholder return (Common Stock price appreciation plus dividends
 on a reinvested basis) over the last five
fiscal years with the Standard &amp; Poor&rsquo;s S&amp;P 500 Index and the Company&rsquo;s selected peer group
 including NutriSystem
Inc.
 Herbalife Ltd.
 USANA Health Sciences
 and Weight Watchers International
 Inc.





    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 Inc.
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    





condensed consolidated financial data set forth below should be read in conjunction with &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&rdquo; included in Part&nbsp;II
 Item&nbsp;7 of this Report
 and
the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto of the Company included in Part&nbsp;II
 Item&nbsp;8 of this Report. The
historical results provided below are not necessarily indicative of future results.



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
 except per share data)
    
    
    
    
    

    
285
285
324
054
318
571
272
467
239
440

    
30
246
38
410
27
140
33
768
28
881

    
31
693
39
043
28
356
34
067
28
933

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
115
910
132
650
130
251
105
665
94
059

    
    
    
    
1
426
    

    
    
    
3
809
4
251
4
855

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
12
670
13
774
13
722
13
965
14
082

    
12
778
13
818
13
740
14
198
14
573


ITEM 7.&nbsp;&nbsp;MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.

Critical Accounting
Policies and Estimates


are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;). Our significant accounting
policies are described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.


requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 the disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses
during the reporting period. Management develops
 and changes periodically
 these estimates and assumptions based on historical
experience and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ
from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Management considers the following accounting policies to be the
most critical in preparing our consolidated financial statements. These critical accounting policies have been discussed with
our Audit Committee
 as appropriate.


recognized net of discounts
 rebates
 promotional adjustments
 price adjustments
 and estimated returns and upon transfer of title
and risk to the customer which occurs at shipping (F.O.B. terms). Upon shipment
 the Company has no further performance obligations
and collection is reasonably assured as the majority of sales are paid for prior to shipping. Medifast Weight Control Centers&rsquo;
program fees are recognized over the estimated service period.


Assets: We continually assess the impairment of long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. Judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based on legal
factors
 market conditions and our operating performance. Future events could cause us to conclude that impairment indicators
exist and the carrying values of fixed and intangible assets may be impaired. Any resulting impairment loss would be limited to
the value of net fixed and intangible assets.


is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it
is more-likely-than-not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or litigation
processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not
recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized
upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds
the amount measured as described above is reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet
along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination.


that we did not have any material uncertain tax positions requiring recognition of a liability. Our policy is to recognize interest
and penalties accrued on uncertain tax positions as part of income tax expense. For the twelve months ended December 31
 2014
and 2013
 no material estimated interest or penalties were recognized for the uncertainty of certain tax positions. We file income
tax returns in the United States and various states jurisdictions. With few exceptions
 we are no longer subject to U.S. federal
state and local income tax examinations by tax authorities for the years before 2010.


    
    




for customer returns at each reporting period and adjust them to reflect data available at that time. To estimate reserves for
returns
 we consider actual return rates in preceding periods. To the extent the estimate of returns changes
 we will adjust the
reserve
 which will impact the amount of product sales revenue recognized in the period of the adjustment. Our estimates for returns
have not differed materially from our actual returns. The provision for estimated returns as of December 31
 2014 and 2013 were
$290
000 and $525
000
 respectively.&nbsp;


stores
 distribution facilities
 and office space under operating leases. Many lease agreements contain tenant improvement allowances
rent holidays
 rent escalation clauses and contingent rent provisions. The Company recognizes incentives and minimum rental expenses
on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases. We commence recording rent expense on the date of initial possession
 which
is generally when we enter the space and begin to make improvements to properties for our intended use. For tenant improvement
allowances and rent holidays
 we record a deferred rent liability on the consolidated balance sheets and amortize the deferred
rent over the terms of the leases as reductions to rent expense on the consolidated statements of income.


during the lease terms or for rental payments commencing at a date other than the date of initial occupancy
 we record minimum
rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases on the consolidated statements of income. Several leases
provide for contingent rents
 which are determined as a percentage of gross sales in excess of specified levels. We record a contingent
rent liability on the consolidated balance sheets and the corresponding rent expense when we determine achieving specified levels
is probable.




distribution
 and sale of weight loss and weight management products and other consumable health and diet products. The Company&rsquo;s
product lines include weight loss and weight management
 meal replacements
 and vitamins. Our product sales accounted for 98%
of our revenues in 2014 and 2013. Shipping revenue and other accounted for 2% of revenue in 2014 and 2013.


operating and financial metrics to manage our business
 including revenue to advertising spend and the number of active Health
Coaches and average monthly revenue generated per health coach in the Take Shape For Life channel.


 the Company exited the MWCC corporate
center model by selling 41 centers to existing franchise partners (24 centers were sold in June 2014 and the remaining 17 centers
were sold in December 2014) and closing the remaining 34 corporate centers. The assets
 liabilities
 operating results
 and cash
flows of the MWCC corporate center channel have been presented separately as discontinued operations in the Consolidated Financial
Statements for all periods presented.


    
    






Overview of the Twelve Months Ended
December 31
 2014 Compared to Twelve Months Ended December 31
 2013



    



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
285
285
000
324
054
000
(38
769
000
    

    
76
078
000
83
488
000
(7
410
000
    

    
209
207
000
240
566
000
(31
359
000
    

    
    
    
    
    


 general
 and administrative costs
178
961
000
202
156
000
(23
195
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
30
246
000
38
410
000
(8
164
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 net
716
000
509
000
207
000
    

    
731
000
124
000
607
000
    

    
1
447
000
633
000
814
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
31
693
000
39
043
000
(7
350
000
    

    
10
664
000
11
908
000
(1
244
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
21
029
000
27
135
000
(6
106
000
    


 net of tax
(7
848
000
(3
166
000
(4
682
000
    

    
13
181
000
23
969
000
(10
788
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 general
 and administrative costs
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



in 2014 compared to $324.1 million in 2013
 a decrease of $38.8 million. The Take Shape For Life sales channel accounted for 72.5%
the Medifast Direct channel accounted for 20.0%
 the Franchise Medifast Weight Control Centers channel accounted for 5.4%
 and
the Medifast Wholesale channel accounted for 2.1% of total revenue. The year to date revenue to spend ratio for continuing operations
for 2014 was 16.8-to-1 compared to 14.7-to-1 for 2013. Total advertising spend
 inclusive of broker fees
 for continuing operations
was $17.0 million in 2014 compared to $22.1 million in 2013.


10% to $206.7 million in 2014 compared with $228.7 million in 2013. The decline in revenue for Take Shape For Life was driven
by a decrease in the number of active Health Coaches and revenue per Health Coach along with the accrued impact from the creation
of the new BeSlim Club loyalty program. The number of active Health Coaches at the end of 2014 decreased to 9
300 compared with
10
500 during the period a year ago
 a decrease of 11%. The average revenue per Health Coach per month decreased to $1
524 in
2014 from $1
605 in 2013. Approximately half of the decrease of the Health Coach count is due to having less pay periods used
in the calculation versus the number of pay periods used in the prior year.


24% to $57.2 million as compared with $75.5 million in 2013
 a decrease of $18.3 million. Revenues in this channel are primarily
driven by targeted customer advertising on-line
 across local radio
 via email and direct mail campaigns
 and by highlighting
customer successes in large national publications and on television. The Company experienced lower marketing efficiencies and
new customer acquisition during the year; and therefore
 reduced marketing spending to optimize profitability. The Company&rsquo;s
decision to reduce spending impacted the year-over-year revenue for the channel. As compared to 2013
 the Company increased fourth
quarter spending in an effort to drive 2015 sales.


    
    




channel revenue increased 1% year-over-year
 with revenue of $15.4 million in 2014 compared to $15.3 million in 2013. 73 franchise
centers were in operation as of December 31
 2014
 including 19 corporate centers that were transitioned in June 2014 and 17 corporate
centers that were transitioned in December 2014. 17 Franchise centers were closed during 2014
 including 5 centers transitioned
to the franchise model in June 2014 and 7 centers opened during 2014. There were 41 franchise centers in operation as of December
31
 2013. The increase in revenue was driven by the conversion of corporate centers over to Franchise Centers offset by franchise
center closures as well as a decrease in sales of franchise centers open greater than one year.


 or $1.4 million
to $6.0 for the year ended December 31
 2014 compared to $4.6 million for the year ended December 31
 2013. The increase was driven
by a reallocation of internal sales resources to improve revenue in the channel for both domestic and international customers.


to $76.1 million as compared to $83.5 million in 2013. As a percentage of sales
 gross margin decreased from 74.2% in 2013 to
$73.3% in 2014
 which was the result of increased year-over-year product costs primarily driven by a reduction in manufacturing
volumes.


 General and Administrative Costs:
Selling
 general and administrative expenses decreased by $23.2 million compared to 2013. As a percentage of sales
 selling
 general
and administrative expenses increased to 62.7% versus 62.4% in 2013. Included in selling general and administrative costs for
2014 are $2.6 million in extraordinary legal expenses resulting from recent 13D filings and a $2.0 million accrual for a franchise
loan default guaranteed by Medifast. Excluding these items
 selling
 general
 and administrative expense as a percentage of sales
would have been 61.1%
 a decrease of 130 basis points compared to 2013.


which is variable based upon product sales
 decreased by approximately $15.6 million
 or 15.4% as a result of a new compensation
plan introduced in late 2013 and a 10% decrease in sales for the channel.


$3.5 million in 2014 as compared to 2013. The year-over-year decrease was driven by reductions in bonuses
 salaries
 and medical
expenses resulting from the Company&rsquo;s continued focus on headcount. These improvements were partially offset by an increase
in stock compensation expense.


by $5.1 million in 2014 as compared to the prior year as a result of lower advertising expenses. The Company continues to focus
on efficiency improvements and balancing sales and marketing expense in an effort to drive profitability. The Company increased
year-over-year fourth quarter revenue spending in an effort to drive 2015 sales.


in 2014 as compared to 2013. The year-over-year change was driven by a $2.0 million accrual relating to a default on a franchise
loan guaranteed by Medifast and an increase in legal expenses
 inclusive of $2.6 million in extraordinary expenses resulting from
recent 13D filings. These were partially offset by a decrease in information technology consulting fees.


depreciation and credit card processing fees
 decreased by $1.7 million. The decrease in expenses for the period was the result
of a reduction in credit card fees due to reduced revenues and the final settlement of Voluntary Disclosure Agreement&rsquo;s
(VDA) accrued in 2012 and issued in 2013.

In 2014
 the Company recorded $10.7 million
in income tax expense
 an effective rate of 33.6%. In 2013
 the Company recorded $11.9 million in income tax expense
 an effective
rate of 30.5%. The increase in the effective tax rate in 2014 over 2013 was a result of benefits realized in 2013 from research
and development credits of $0.5 million that were retroactive to 2012
 as well as realizing benefits of $0.8 million from extensive
state income tax restructuring (to take advantage of apportionment methodology) which also related to prior years. As a manufacturing
entity based in Maryland
 in 2013 the Company adopted the single sales factor apportionment method in addition to claiming new
state jobs credits and research and development credits. The Company anticipates a tax rate of approximately 33 &ndash; 34% in
2015.


was $21.0 million in 2014 as compared to $27.1 million in 2013
 a decrease of $6.1 million. Income from operations decreased by
$8.2 million
 or 21%
 versus 2013 with the percent of sales decreasing to 10.6% in 2014 as compared to 11.9% in 2013. The year-over-year
decrease in profitability was primarily driven by the 11.9% reduction in sales coupled with an increase in product costs
 a $1.8
million after tax extraordinary legal and advisory expenses incurred in relation to the recent 13D filings and a $1.3 million
after tax accrual relating to a default on a franchise loan guaranteed by Medifast. These negative impacts to profits were partially
offset by the Company&rsquo;s continued efforts to closely monitor spending as demonstrated in the decrease in selling
 general
and administrative expenses outlined above.


 the Company exited
the MWCC corporate center model by selling 41 centers to existing franchise partners (24 centers were sold in June 2014 and the
remaining 17 centers were sold in December 2014) and closing the remaining 34 corporate centers. Loss from discontinued operations
was $7.8 million in 2014 as compared to $3.1 million in 2013
 a decrease of $4.7 million. The year-over-year decrease includes
the $8.6 million pre-tax
 $5.2 million after-tax
 charge for the closure of 34 centers in December 2014. This charge includes
$0.6 million for one-time termination benefits
 $4.4 million for closed clinic lease obligations
 $3.3 million for impaired assets
and $0.5 million in other facility related closure costs. These exit activity costs were partially offset by a gain of $0.2 million
on the sale of centers.


    
    




$24.0 million in 2013. The year-over-year change was driven by the factors described above in the explanations for income from
continuing operations and loss from discontinued operations.




with GAAP
 the Company provides certain non-GAAP financial measures. The Company&rsquo;s 2014 non-GAAP financial measures of adjusted
net income and adjusted diluted earnings per share exclude the charges the Company incurred in relation to the franchise loan
default guaranteed by Medifast
 the extraordinary legal expenses in connection with the 13D filings. The 2012 non-GAAP financial
measures exclude the non-tax deductible FTC settlement as well as the charge taken to accrue for sales tax exposures. Because
all of these charges are unique events
 not directly related to the Company&rsquo;s normal operations
 the Company believes these
non-GAAP financial measures may help investors better understand and compare our operating results and trends by eliminating this
component.


as follows:



    



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
30
246
000
38
410
000
27
140
000

    
    
    
    

    
1
980
000
    
    

    
2
597
000
    
    

    
    
    
3
256
000

    
    
    
3
700
000

    
34
823
000
38
410
000
34
096
000




    



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
21
029
000
27
135
000
18
442
000

    
    
    
    

    
1
342
000
    
    

    
1
761
000
    
    

    
    
    
2
026
000

    
    
    
3
700
000

    
24
132
000
27
135
000
24
168
000


 net of tax
(7
848
000
(3
166
000
(2
566
000

    
16
284
000
23
969
000
21
602
000

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



calculation of theses non-GAAP financial measures are the same as the weighted-average shares outstanding used in the calculation
of the reported per share amounts.


and the $2.6 extraordinary legal expenses in connection with the 13D filings
 income from operations for the year ended December
31
 2014
 decreased $3.6 million to $34.8 million from $38.4 million for the year ended December 31
 2013. Adjusted income from
continuing operations for the year ended December 31
 2014 decreased to $24.1 million from income from continuing obligations
of $27.1 million for the year ended December 31
 2013. Adjusted net income for the year ended December 31
 2014 decreased to $16.3
million from net income of $24.0 million for the year ended December 31
 2013. Adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing
operations for the year ended December 31
 2014 decreased to $1.89 as compared to diluted earnings per of $1.96 for the same period
in 2013. Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31
 2014 decreased to $1.27 as compared to adjusted diluted
earnings per share of $1.73 for the same period in 2013.


    
    





December 31
 2014:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
1
352
000
1
128
000
676
000
84
000
    
3
240
000

    
1
490
000
1
288
000
574
000
178
000
35
000
3
565
000

    
1
629
000
1
217
000
717
000
226
000
36
000
3
825
000

    
248
000
248
000
    
    
    
496
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
4
719
000
3
881
000
1
967
000
488
000
71
000
11
126
000



The Company has operating leases in place for leased corporate
                                         offices
 our Texas Distribution center
 our raw materials warehouse
 and the Company&rsquo;s
                                         printers.

The Company has 24 operating leases in place that extend beyond
                                         December 31
 2015 for closed Medifast Corporate Weight Control Centers. The Company is
                                         actively seeking to reach lease termination agreements on these obligations.

The Company has 32 operating leases in place that extend beyond
                                         December 31
 2015 for previously Medifast Corporate Weight Control Centers sold to franchise
                                         partners. The Company remains named on the leases
 however the obligations have been
                                         subleased to the franchisees.

We lease large commercial printers for our printing operations
                                         that are accounted for as capital leases
 these obligations are detailed in Note 7 of
                                         the financial statements.




of $80.5 million and working capital of $55.0 million on December 31
 2014 compared with $98.4 million and $64.9 million at December
31
 2013
 respectively. The $17.9 million net decrease in stockholder&rsquo;s equity reflects $13.2 million in 2014 profits significantly
offset by the $33.9 million used to purchase shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock as well as other equity transactions as
outlined in the &ldquo;Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity&rdquo;. The Company&rsquo;s cash and cash
equivalents position decreased from $36.4 million at December 31
 2013 to $24.5 million at December 31
 2014.


 2014 the
Company generated cash flow of $27.3 million from continuing operations
 partially attributable to $21.0 million in income from
continuing operations. Cash provided by operating activities of $14.1 million include depreciation and amortization of $8.1 million
share-based compensation of $3.9 million
 a decrease in inventory of $1.8 million
 and deferred income taxes of $0.3 million.
This was offset by cash used by operating activities of $7.7 million which includes a $5.2 million increase in prepaid income
taxes
 a net realized gain on investment securities of $0.8 million
 an increase in accounts receivable of $0.7 million
 an increase
in prepaid expenses and other current assets of $0.3 million
 a decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses of $0.4 million
and an increase in other long-term assets of $0.3 million.


from discontinued operations was $1.8 million including loss from discontinued operations of $7.8 million. Cash provided by operating
activities from discontinued operations totaled $9.1 million and include depreciation and amortization of $1.6 million
 $3.3 million
for the impairment of fixed assets
 an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses of $3.1 million
 a decrease in inventory
of $0.4 million
 a decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets of $0.4 million
 a decrease in accounts receivable of
$0.2 million
 and a decrease of $0.1 million in other long-term assets. Non-cash benefits include $3.1 million of deferred income
benefit.


 2014
 net
cash used in investing activities from continuing operations was $3.5 million
 which was due to $26.1 million for the purchase
of investment securities offset by $29.6 million of cash generated by the sale of investment securities and $7.0 million for the
purchase of property and equipment. Net cash provided by investing activities from discontinued operations was $1.0 million
 which
was the cash generated by the sale of property and equipment.


 2014
 financing
activities from continuing operations used $34.9 million in cash. Cash was used to purchase $33.9 million of treasury stock in
the open market
 to repurchase shares to cover employee taxes of $1.2 million
 and to repay $0.2 million in capital leases. The
Company realized a cash benefit for excess tax benefits from share-based compensation in the amount of $0.3 million. As of December
31
 2014
 there are 1
211
908 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock eligible for repurchase under the repurchase authorization
dated September 16
 2014.


 the
Company may require additional cash for operating and investing activities. The Company expects future cash requirements
 if any
to be funded from operating cash flow and financing activities.


 unsecured
revolving $5 million line of credit with Bank of America. The line of credit will expire on August 1
 2015
 at which point the
Company expects to extend the term or pursue other financing opportunities.


    
    




time to time as presented.




agreements with two key franchisee partners in order to support them obtaining additional funding to expand their business into
new markets.


coverage for a $1.0 million loan and a $1.0 million line of credit. The variable rate term loan has a 2 year term expiring in
September 2015; payment calculations assume a 7 year amortization with a balloon payment due at the end of the term. The line
of credit has a two year term expiring in September 2015. The franchisee associated with these loans has failed to pay the monthly
obligations and the Company expects to be required to perform under this guarantee and has accrued a charge of $2.0 million as
of December 31
 2014. The Company is a secondary guarantor on the loan and line of credit and has pursued personal recourse against
the franchise owner.


coverage for a $1.4 million loan. The variable rate term loan has a 2 year term expiring in October 2015; payment calculations
assume a 7 year amortization with a balloon payment due at the end of the term. The Company is the third guarantor on these loans
and has recourse against another entity owned by the franchisee and the franchisee owner(s) themselves should it be deemed necessary.
As of March 10
 2015
 the franchisee has an outstanding balance of $0.1 million on the loan.




Overview of the Twelve Months Ended
December 31
 2013 Compared to Twelve Months Ended December 31
 2012



    



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
324
054
000
318
571
000
5
483
000
    

    
83
488
000
82
662
000
826
000
    

    
240
566
000
235
909
000
4
657
000
    

    
    
    
    
    


 general
 and administrative costs
202
156
000
208
769
000
(6
613
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
38
410
000
27
140
000
11
270
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 net
509
000
304
000
205
000
    

    
124
000
912
000
(788
000
    

    
633
000
1
216
000
(583
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
39
043
000
28
356
000
10
687
000
    

    
11
908
000
9
914
000
1
994
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
27
135
000
18
442
000
8
693
000
    


 net of tax
(3
166
000
(2
566
000
(600
000
    

    
23
969
000
15
876
000
8
093
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 general
 and administrative costs
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



in 2013 compared to $318.6 million in 2012
 an increase of $5.5 million. The Take Shape For Life sales channel accounted for 70.6%
the Medifast Direct channel accounted for 23.3%
 the Franchise Medifast Weight Control Centers channel accounted for 4.7% and
the Medifast Wholesale channel accounted for 1.4% of total revenue. The year to date revenue to spend ratio for 2013 for continuing
operations was 14.7-to-1 compared to 11.7-to-1 for 2012. Total advertising spend
 inclusive of broker fees
 was $22.1 million
in 2013 compared to $27.2 million in 2012.


    
    




6% to $228.7 million in 2013 compared with $216.1 million in 2012. Growth in revenues for the channel was driven by pricing resulting
from our revised discount structure. The number of active Health Coaches at the end of 2013 increased to 10
500 compared with
10
200 during the period a year ago
 an increase of 3%. &ldquo;Active Health Coaches&rdquo; are defined as Health Coaches receiving
income from a product sale in the last month of the quarter. The average revenue per Health Coach per month decreased to $1
605
in 2013 from $1
635 in 2012.


11% to $75.5 million as compared with $84.4 million in 2012
 a decrease of $8.9 million. Revenues in this channel are primarily
driven by targeted customer advertising on-line
 across local radio
 via email and direct mail campaigns
 and by highlighting
customer successes in large national publications and on television. The decrease in revenue was primarily caused by a more challenging
consumer discretionary spending environment and reduction in advertising spending.


revenue increased 7% to $15.3 million in 2013 compared to $14.3 million in 2012. Six franchise centers were opened in 2013
 for
a total of forty-one centers as of December 31
 2013 driving the year-over-year increase in revenue.


to $4.6 million in 2013 compared with $3.8 million in 2012; which resulted from improved customer relationships and education
of the Medifast products and programs
 driving an increase in volumes.


to $83.5 million as compared to $82.7 million in 2012 which is primarily the result of higher shipping expenses. As a percentage
of sales
 gross margin increased from 74.1% in 2012 to 74.2%.


 General and Administrative Costs:
Selling
 general and administrative expenses decreased by $6.6 million compared to 2012. As a percentage of sales
 selling
 general
and administrative expenses were reduced to 62.4% versus 65.5% in 2012.


contributed to $7.0 million of the improvement in expenses. The FTC settlement recorded in the second quarter of $3.7 million
as well as the recording of a sales tax accrual of $3.3 million recorded in the fourth quarter. The focus of sales tax on internet
based remote sellers has gained momentum in many states. Because of this
 combined with the desire of the Company to create symmetry
among all sales channels
 we have re-aligned our position to be more consistent with other major internet sellers and will now
be collecting and remitting sales tax in all states that impose sales or use taxes. In order to mitigate the financial impact
on any prior year activity
 the Company is taking advantage of voluntary disclosure agreements with various states.


which is variable based upon product sales
 increased by approximately $4.5 million as Take Shape For Life sales grew 6% compared
to 2012. Take Shape For Life Health Coaches are independent contractors who are paid commissions on product sales referred to
the Company. Health Coaches earn commissions by referring product sales through a personalized Company-owned replicated website
or through the Company&rsquo;s in-house call center. The clients of Health Coaches are responsible for order and payment of product
and their order is shipped directly to their home or designated address. Health Coaches are not required to purchase product in
order to receive a commission. In addition
 Health Coaches do not receive a commission on their personal product orders.


$0.5 million in 2013 as compared to 2012. The decrease was driven by a reduction in bonuses and medical expenses year-over-year.
The cost savings were partially offset by the hiring of and increased salaries for key technical and executive positions.


by $5.8 million in 2013 as compared to the prior year as a result of lower advertising expenses and a reduction in conference
and tradeshow expenses for the Take Shape For Life channel. The Company continues to balance marketing expenses to deliver a strong
bottom line.


FTC settlement in 2012
 general expenses decreased $0.2 million in 2013 as compared to 2012. The savings were driven by a decrease
in information technology consulting fees.


depreciation and credit card processing fees
 decreased by $0.4 million. The decrease was driven by the $3.2 million sales tax
accrual in 2012 compared to $0.9 million in 2013
 partially offset by a $1.7 million increase in licenses and fees.

In 2013
 the Company recorded $11.9 million
in income tax expense
 an effective rate of 30.5%. In 2012
 the Company recorded $9.9 million in income tax expense
 an effective
rate of 35.0%. Excluding the $3.7 million FTC settlement
 the effective tax rate for 2012 would have been 30.9%. The decrease
in the effective tax rate was a result of research and development credits effective January 1
 2013
 applicable retroactively
to 2012 activity. In both years
 the Company benefited from extensive state income tax restructuring to take advantage of apportionment
methodology.&nbsp; As a manufacturing entity based in Maryland
 the Company adopted the single sales factor apportionment method
in addition to claiming new state jobs credits and research &amp; development credits.


from continuing operations was approximately $39.0 million in 2013 as compared to approximately $28.4 million in 2012
 an increase
of $10.6 million. Income from operations as a percent of sales increased to 11.9% in 2013 as compared to 8.5% in 2012. The increase
in profitability in 2013 was primarily a result of the 2012 settlement charge of $3.7 million with the FTC
 the 2012 $3.3 million
charge to accrue for sales tax exposure
 the 2012 $0.4 million accelerated compensation for the Executive Chairman of the Board
and the Company&rsquo;s overall focus to reduce expenses during 2013 in order to improve profitability. These items were offset
by the 2012 key man insurance proceeds. Excluding the impact of the 2012 FTC settlement and sales tax accrual
 income from operations
for 2012 would have been $34.1 million
 or 10.7% of sales.


    
    




from discontinued operations was $3.2 million in 2013 versus $2.6 million in 2012
 a decrease of $0.6 million. The decrease in
profit was driven by a 14% year-over-year decrease in sales partially offset by reduced advertising spend as a percentage of sales
for each corporate center and savings from the staffing re-alignment completed in the first quarter of 2012.


$15.9 million in 2012. The year-over-year increase was driven by the factors described above in the explanations for income from
continuing operations and loss from discontinued operations.




 inflation has not had a material
effect on the Company's business.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT
MARKET RISK


from adverse changes in market rates and prices
 such as interest rates and a decline in the stock market. The Company does not
enter into derivatives
 foreign exchange transactions or other financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. The
Company paid off its outstanding debt during the first quarter of 2013
 eliminating our current exposure to interest rate risk.
However
 we have an undrawn and unsecured revolving line of credit for $5
000
000
 should we choose to draw on this line of credit
in the future we would be subject to market risk due to changing interest rates.


to changes in interest rates and market pricing impacting our investment portfolio. Our current investment policy is to maintain
an investment portfolio consisting mainly of U.S. money market and high-grade corporate securities
 directly or through managed
funds. Our cash is deposited in and invested through highly rated financial institutions in North America. Our marketable securities
are subject to interest rate risk and market pricing risk and will fall in value if market interest rates increase or if market
pricing decreases. If market interest rates were to increase and market pricing were to decrease immediately and uniformly by
10% from levels at December 31
 2014
 we estimate that the fair value of our investment portfolio would decline by an immaterial
amount and therefore we would not expect our operating results or cash flows to be affected to any significant degree by the effect
of a change in market conditions on our investments.




is set forth on pages 32 to 51 hereto and incorporated by reference herein.

ITEM 9. CHANGES AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES


independent auditors
 regarding accounting and financial disclosures for the fiscal year ending December 31
 2014.



Disclosure Controls and Procedures



we carried out an evaluation
 under the supervision and with the participation of management
 including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer
 of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b)
as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation
 our management has concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures are effective as of December 31
 2014.

Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting


and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting
is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting for external purposes in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Internal control over financial reporting includes
maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions
 providing reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements
 providing reasonable assurance that receipts
and expenditures of Company assets are made in accordance with management authorization
 and providing reasonable assurance that
unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of Company assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements would
be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting is
not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements would be prevented or detected.


the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control &ndash; Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. Based on this evaluation
 our
management concluded that the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31
 2014.


internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2014
 was audited by McGladrey LLP
 our independent registered public
accounting firm
 as stated in their report appearing below.


    
    






financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the fourth quarter ended
December 31
 2014 that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial
reporting.




 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer
 does not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal controls will prevent or detect all errors and
all fraud. A control system
 no matter how well designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that
the control system&rsquo;s objectives will be met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are
resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations
in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
if any
 within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making
can be faulty
 and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual
acts of some persons
 by collusion of two or more people
 or by management override of the controls. The design of any system
of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
 and there can be no assurance that
any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time
 controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with associated policies or procedures. Because
of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system
 misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.


    
    


Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm




 Inc.


 Inc. and subsidiaries&rsquo; (the
&ldquo;Company&rdquo;) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2014

Control&mdash;Integrated Framework 
The Company&rsquo;s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its

Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting&rdquo;
control over financial reporting based on our audit.


the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material
weakness exists
 and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk.
Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our
audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over
) pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable
detail
) provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


 internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


 the Company maintained
 in all material respects
effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2014

&mdash; Integrated Framework



of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)

 2014
and 2013
 and the related consolidated statements of income
 comprehensive income
 stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows
for each of the three years in the period ended December 31

the Company and our report dated March 16
 2015 expressed an unqualified opinion.




 Maryland

 2015

    
    








    
    







DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE
                                         GOVERNANCE


from the Company&rsquo;s Proxy Statement for the 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.


EXECUTIVE
                                         COMPENSATION



from the Company&rsquo;s Proxy Statement for the 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.


SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
                                         AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS


herein by reference from the Company&rsquo;s Proxy Statement for the 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.


CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
                                         AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE


herein by reference from the Company&rsquo;s Proxy Statement for the 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.





from the Company&rsquo;s Proxy Statement for the 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.


    
    









this Report



    
    
    



on page 32 of this Report



    
    
    



 as all information required in these
schedules is included in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.



    
    
    



page 52 of this Report for a list of exhibits required by Item&nbsp;601 of Registration S-K to be filed as part of this Report.


    
    



 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    
    


REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM



 Inc.


 Inc.
and subsidiaries (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 and the related consolidated statements of income
comprehensive income
 stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31
2014. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on these financial statements based on our audits.


Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining
 on
a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the consolidated financial statements referred
to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Medifast
 Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31
2014 and 2013
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December
31
 2014
 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.


 in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting as of December
31
 2014
Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013
 and our report dated March 16
 2015 expressed an unqualified opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




 Maryland

 2015


    
    


MEDIFAST
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

As of December 31
 2014 and 2013



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
24
459
000
36
382
000


000 and $564
000
1
650
000
942
000

    
15
735
000
17
537
000

    
28
185
000
31
420
000


 prepaid
5
099
000
    

    
2
875
000
2
526
000

    
3
727
000
1
957
000

    
184
000
1
190
000

    
81
914
000
91
954
000

    
    
    


 plant and equipment - net
33
477
000
34
476
000

    
497
000
231
000

    
22
000
5
989
000

    
    
    

    
115
910
000
132
650
000

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
21
854
000
22
230
000

    
    
99
000

    
232
000
222
000

    
4
858
000
4
550
000

    
26
944
000
27
101
000

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of current portion
242
000
474
000

    
5
492
000
6
659
000

    
2
756
000
    

    
35
434
000
34
234
000

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $.001 par value (1
500
000 authorized
 no shares issued and outstanding)
    
    


000
000 shares authorized; 12
365
690 and 13
143
309 issued 12
075
764 and 13
115
642 issued and outstanding
12
000
13
000

    
1
132
000
    

    
435
000
703
000

    
78
897
000
97
700
000

    
80
476
000
98
416
000

    
    
    

    
115
910
000
132
650
000



of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    


MEDIFAST
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Years Ended December 31
 2014
 2013
 and
2012



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
285
285
000
324
054
000
318
571
000

    
76
078
000
83
488
000
82
662
000

    
209
207
000
240
566
000
235
909
000

    
    
    
    


 general
 and administrative
178
961
000
202
156
000
208
769
000

    
    
    
    

    
30
246
000
38
410
000
27
140
000

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 net
716
000
509
000
304
000

    
731
000
124
000
912
000

    
1
447
000
633
000
1
216
000

    
    
    
    

    
31
693
000
39
043
000
28
356
000

    
10
664
000
11
908
000
9
914
000

    
    
    
    

    
21
029
000
27
135
000
18
442
000


 net of tax
(7
848
000
(3
166
000
(2
566
000

    
13
181
000
23
969
000
15
876
000

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
12
670
387
13
774
083
13
721
997

    
12
778
277
13
817
693
13
739
824



of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    


MEDIFAST
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME
Years Ended December 31
 2014
 2013
 and
2012



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
13
181
000
23
969
000
15
876
000


 net of tax
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 net of tax
207
000
257
000
269
000


 net of tax
(475
000
(107
000
(112
000


 net of tax
(268
000
150
000
157
000

    
    
    
    

    
(268
000
150
000
157
000

    
    
    
    

    
12
913
000
24
119
000
16
033
000



of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    


MEDIFAST
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS'
EQUITY
Years Ended December 31
 2014
 2013
 and
2012



    
    
    Shares
    
    $0.001
Additional
    Paid-
    
    
    other
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2011
15
510
185
16
000
36
076
000
60
658
000
396
000
(23
744
000
73
402
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Share-based compensation
 net of shares repurchased for employee
    taxes
    
    
2
850
000
    
    
    
2
850
000

    
    
    
1
265
000
    
    
    
1
265
000

    
15
770
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
(2
764
000
(2
764
000

    
    
    
    
15
876
000
    
    
15
876
000

    
    
    
    
    
157
000
    
157
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2012
15
525
955
16
000
40
191
000
76
534
000
553
000
(26
508
000
90
786
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
16
163
    
    
    
    
    
    

Share-based compensation
 net of shares repurchased for employee
    taxes
    
    
3
209
000
    
    
    
3
209
000

    
    
    
383
000
    
    
    
383
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
(20
081
000
(20
081
000

    
(2
398
809
(3
000
(43
783
000
(2
803
000
    
46
589
000
    

    
    
    
    
23
969
000
    
    
23
969
000

    
    
    
    
    
150
000
    
150
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2013
13
143
309
13
000
    
97
700
000
703
000
    
98
416
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
349
473
    
    
    
    
    
    

Share-based compensation
 net of shares repurchased for employee
    taxes
    
    
2
766
000
    
    
    
2
766
000

    
    
    
275
000
    
    
    
275
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
(33
894
000
(33
894
000

    
(1
127
092
(1
000
(1
909
000
(31
984
000
    
33
894
000
    

    
    
    
    
13
181
000
    
    
13
181
000

    
    
    
    
    
(268
000
    
(268
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2014
12
365
690
12
000
1
132
000
78
897
000
435
000
    
80
476
000



of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    


MEDIFAST
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Years Ended December 31
 2014
 2013 &amp;
2012



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
13
181
000
23
969
000
15
876
000


 net of tax
(7
848
000
(3
166
000
(2
566
000

    
21
029
000
27
135
000
18
442
000

    
    
    
    

    
8
052
000
7
901
000
8
385
000


 net
(771
000
(74
000
2
000

    
3
918
000
3
209
000
2
850
000

    
286
000
428
000
(598
000

    
(29
000
392
000
100
000

    
    
    
    

    
(708
000
87
000
(389
000

    
1
802
000
2
615
000
(734
000

    
(349
000
204
000
(810
000

    
(318
000
746
000
155
000

    
(376
000
(1
427
000
8
974
000

    
(5
198
000
972
000
4
561
000

    
27
338
000
42
188
000
40
938
000

    
(1
802
000
172
000
(674
000

    
25
536
000
42
360
000
40
264
000

    
    
    
    

    
29
636
000
14
359
000
8
109
000

    
(26
080
000
(25
355
000
(8
390
000

    
(7
024
000
(11
386
000
(8
127
000

    
(3
468
000
(22
382
000
(8
408
000

    
950
000
(220
000
(3
256
000

    
(2
518
000
(22
602
000
(11
664
000

    
    
    
    

    
(222
000
(3
641
000
(1
444
000

    
52
000
26
000
18
000

    
(1
152
000
    
    

    
275
000
383
000
1
265
000

    
(33
894
000
(20
081
000
(2
764
000

    
(34
941
000
(23
313
000
(2
925
000

    
    
    
    

    
(34
941
000
(23
313
000
(2
925
000

    
    
    
    

    
(11
923
000
(3
555
000
25
675
000

    
36
382
000
39
937
000
14
262
000

    
24
459
000
36
382
000
39
937
000

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
131
000
57
000
123
000

    
12
721
000
9
983
000
4
093
000

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
104
000



of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    


Medifast
 Inc. and Subsidiaries

For the Years Ended December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012




 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;
or &ldquo;Medifast&rdquo;) is a Delaware corporation
 incorporated in 1989. The Company&rsquo;s operations are primarily conducted
through seven of its wholly owned subsidiaries
 Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 Take Shape For Life
 Inc.
 Jason Enterprises
 Inc.
Jason Properties
 LLC
 Medifast Franchise Systems
 Medifast Nutrition
 Inc. and Seven Crondall
 LLC. The Company is engaged in
the production
 distribution
 and sale of weight loss and weight management products and other consumable health and diet products.
Medifast
 Inc.&rsquo;s product lines include weight loss and management
 meal replacement
 and vitamins. The Company has one modern
Food and Drug Administration (&ldquo;FDA&rdquo;) approved facility in Owings Mills
 Maryland.


and distribution of Medifast branded and private-label weight loss and weight management products and other consumable health
and diet products. These products are sold through various channels of distribution
 including the internet
 call center
 independent
health advisors
 medical professionals
 franchise weight loss clinics
 and direct consumer marketing supported via the phone and
internet. The processing
 formulation
 packaging
 labeling and advertising of the Company&rsquo;s products are subject to regulation
by one or more federal agencies
 including the FDA
 the Federal Trade Commission (&ldquo;FTC&rdquo;)
 the Consumer Product Safety
Commission
 the United States Department of Agriculture
 and the United States Environmental Protection Agency.




the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are as follows:

- The consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries
 Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 Take
Shape For Life
 Inc.
 Seven Crondall Associates
 LLC
 Jason Properties
 LLC
 Medifast Franchise Systems
 Inc.
 Medifast Nutrition
Inc. and Jason Enterprises
 Inc. All inter-Company transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.

 &ndash; Certain amounts
reported for prior periods have been reclassified to be consistent with the current period presentation. No reclassification in
the consolidated financial statements had a material impact on the presentation except for the reclassifications of discontinued
operations as a result of the sale and closure of the Medifast Corporate Weight Control Centers.

 &ndash; The preparation
of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period.
Actual results could differ materially from those estimates.

 - Cash and
cash equivalents consist of cash on deposit in financial institutions
 institutional money funds and other short-term investments
with a maturity of 90 days or less at the time of purchase.

 &ndash;
Our cash and cash equivalents and available-for-sale securities are maintained at several financial institutions
 and the balances
with these financial institutions often exceed the amount of insurance provided on such accounts by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation. The cash and cash equivalents generally are maintained with financial institutions with reputable credit
 and therefore
bear minimal credit risk. Historically
 we have not experienced any losses due to such concentration of credit risk.

Our
financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents
 investment in available-for-sale securities
 trade receivables and debt.
The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents
 and trade receivables approximate fair value due to their short maturities.
The fair values of investment in available-for-sale securities are based on dealer quotes. The Company believes that its indebtedness
approximates fair value based on current yields for debt instruments with similar terms.

Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Sales
Returns and Doubtful Accounts - 
 and net
of provisions for doubtful accounts.


and adjust them to reflect data available at that time. To estimate reserves for returns
 we consider actual return rates in preceding
periods. To the extent the estimate of returns changes
 we will adjust the reserve
 which will impact the amount of product sales
revenue recognized in the period of the adjustment. Our estimates for returns have not differed materially from our actual returns.
The provision for estimated returns as of December 31
 2014 and 2013 was $290
000 and $525
000
 respectively.


primarily on an analysis of aged accounts receivable balances and the credit worthiness of our customers as determined by credit
checks and analysis
 as well as customer payment history. The allowance for doubtful accounts as of December 31
 2014 and 2013
was $64
000 and $122
000
 respectively.

Inventories consist principally
of packaged meal replacements held in the Company&rsquo;s warehouses. Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or market
 utilizing
the first-in
 first-out method. The cost of finished goods includes the cost of raw materials
 packaging supplies
 direct and
indirect labor and other indirect manufacturing costs. On a quarterly basis
 management reviews inventory for unsalable or obsolete
inventory.

The Company&rsquo;s
investments consist of debt and equity securities classified as available-for-sale securities. Available-for-sale securities are
stated at fair value
 and unrealized holding gains and losses
 net of the related deferred tax effect
 are reported as a separate
component of accumulated other comprehensive income in stockholders' equity. Interest and dividends on marketable debt and equity
securities are recognized in income when declared. Realized gains and losses
 including losses from declines in value of specific
securities determined by management to be other-than-temporary
 if any
 are included in income.


    
    


The benefit of
a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management
believes it is more-likely-than-not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals
or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet
the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent
likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax
positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above is reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits
in the accompanying balance sheet along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities
upon examination.


that we did not have any material uncertain tax positions requiring recognition of a liability. Our policy is to recognize interest
and penalties accrued on uncertain tax positions as part of income tax expense. For the years ending December 31
 2014 and 2013
no material estimated interest or penalties were recognized for the uncertainty of certain tax positions. We file income tax returns
in the United States and various states jurisdictions. With few exceptions
 we are no longer subject to U.S. federal
 state and
local income tax examinations by tax authorities for the years before 2010.


temporary differences and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are
the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by
a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred
tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates
on the date of enactment.

Advertising costs
are expensed as incurred
 except for the preparation
 layout
 design and production of advertising costs which are expensed when
the advertisement is first used. Advertising expense for continuing operations
 excluding broker fees
 for the years ended December
31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 amounted to $17 million
 $21 million
 and $26 million
 respectively.

 Medifast leases retail stores
 distribution
facilities
 and office space under operating leases. Many of our lease agreements contain tenant improvement allowances
 rent
holidays
 rent escalation clauses
 and contingent rent provisions. The Company recognizes incentives and minimum rental expenses
on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases. We commence recording rent expense on the date of initial possession
 which
is generally when we enter the space and begin to make improvements to properties for our intended use. For tenant improvement
allowances and rent holidays
 we record a deferred rent liability on the consolidated balance sheets and amortize the deferred
rent over the terms of the leases as reductions to rent expense on the consolidated statements of income.


the lease terms or for rental payments commencing at a date other than the date of initial occupancy
 we record minimum rental
expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases on the consolidated statements of income. Several leases provide
for contingent rents
 which are determined as a percentage of gross sales in excess of specified levels. We record a contingent
rent liability on the consolidated balance sheets and the corresponding rent expense when we determine achieving the specified
levels is probable.

Clinic opening
costs are expensed as incurred.

- Clinic closure
costs are expensed and recognized as a liability at their fair value when incurred. One-time employee severance costs are expensed
and recognized as a liability when the plan is finalized by management
 approved and committed to by management
 and communicated
to the employee. Contractual costs that will continue to be incurred (operating leases) are recognized at the cease use date.
The fair value of operating lease contracts is determined based on the present value of the remaining lease payments. Other costs
associated with closing the clinic or relocating employees are expensed as incurred.

Property
 Plant
 and Equipment - 
 plant and equipment
are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. The Company computes depreciation and amortization using the
straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets acquired as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



is the lesser of the estimated useful life of the addition or the term of the related lease.


are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not
be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to
estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its
estimated future cash flows
 an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds
the fair value of the asset.

Revenue is recognized
net of discounts
 rebates
 promotional adjustments
 price adjustments
 and estimated returns and upon transfer of title and risk
to the customer which occurs at shipping (F.O.B. terms). Upon shipment
 the Company has no further performance obligations and
collection is reasonably assured as the majority of sales are paid prior to shipping. Medifast Weight Control Centers program
fees were recognized over the estimated service period.

- Our shipping
and handling costs for shipments of our product to our customers are included in cost of sales. All shipping and handling charges
that are billed to customers are included in net revenue. All other shipping and handling costs are included in selling
 general
and administration expenses.


    
    


- Basic earnings
per share (&ldquo;EPS&rdquo;) computations are calculated utilizing the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during
the periods presented. Diluted EPS is calculated utilizing the weighted average number of common shares outstanding adjusted for
the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents.


EPS for the fiscal years ended December 31:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
21
029
000
27
135
000
18
442
000

    
(7
848
000
(3
166
000
(2
566
000

    
13
181
000
23
969
000
15
876
000

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
12
670
387
13
774
083
13
721
997

    
107
890
43
610
17
827

    
    
    
    

    
12
778
277
13
817
693
13
739
824

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



713 options
outstanding for the year ended December 31
 2014 that could potentially dilute base earnings per share in the future. No options
were excluded from the calculation for years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012.

Share-based compensation
 primarily
restricted stock awards to employees and directors
 is measured at the grant date
 based on the calculated fair value of the award
and is recognized as an expense over the requisite service period.

Other comprehensive income
(loss) refers to revenues
 expenses
 gains and losses that are not included in net income but rather are recorded directly in
stockholders&rsquo; equity. Comprehensive income (loss) consists of net income and unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale
securities.




and have concluded that there are no new pronouncements that may have a material impact on our results of operations
 financial
condition
 or cash flows
 based on current information
 except for Accounting Standards Update (&ldquo;ASU&rdquo;) 2014-09

from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)

Plant
 and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity



Customers (Topic 606)
 requires the Company to recognize revenue for the transfer of goods or services to customers for the
amount the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The Company will be required to identify the
contract
 identify the relevant performance obligations
 determine the transaction price
 allocate the transaction price to the
performance obligations in the contract
 and recognize the revenue when the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The provisions
of this ASU are effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016. Management is currently evaluating
the effect that the provisions of ASU 2014-12 will have on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements.



Statements (Topic 205) and Property Plant
 and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals
of Components of an Entity
 raises the threshold for a disposal to qualify as a discontinued operation and requires new disclosures
of both discontinued operations and certain other disposals that do not meet the definition of a discontinued operation. It is
effective for annual periods beginning on or after December 15
 2014. The Company elected early option of the pronouncement and
accounted for the discontinued operations of the Medifast Corporate Weight Control Center channel in accordance with these guidelines.


    
    





accounted for at fair value
 which is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability
in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The following fair value hierarchy prioritizes
the inputs used to measure fair value:


available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. Active markets are those in which transactions
for the asset or liability occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.


are other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1
 which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the
reporting date. Level 2 includes those financial instruments that are valued using models or other valuation methodologies.


include significant inputs that are generally less observable from objective sources. These inputs may be used with internally
developed methodologies that result in management&rsquo;s best estimate of fair value from the perspective of a market participant.


available-for-sale securities adjusted cost
 gross unrealized gains
 gross unrealized losses and fair value by significant investment
category recorded as cash and cash equivalents or investment securities as of December 31
 2014 and 2013:


    
    




    

&nbsp;2014

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
23
894
000
    
    
    
23
894
000
23
894
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
565
000
    
    
    
565
000
565
000
    

    
10
733
000
63
000
(129
000
    
10
667
000
    
10
667
000

    
3
408
000
695
000
(31
000
    
4
072
000
    
4
072
000

    
4
559
000
49
000
(5
000
15
000
4
618
000
    
4
618
000

    
19
265
000
807
000
(165
000
15
000
19
922
000
565
000
19
357
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
3
652
000
78
000
(7
000
28
000
3
751
000
    
3
751
000

    
5
022
000
29
000
(12
000
38
000
5
077
000
    
5
077
000

    
8
674
000
107
000
(19
000
66
000
8
828
000
    
8
828
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
51
833
000
914
000
(184
000
81
000
52
644
000
24
459
000
28
185
000




    

&nbsp;2013

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
30
958
000
    
    
    
30
958
000
30
958
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
5
424
000
    
    
    
5
424
000
5
424
000
    

    
7
887
000
127
000
(164
000
    
7
850
000
    
7
850
000

    
4
614
000
1
076
000
(9
000
    
5
681
000
    
5
681
000

    
6
112
000
62
000
(43
000
26
000
6
157
000
    
6
157
000

    
24
037
000
1
265
000
(216
000
26
000
25
112
000
5
424
000
19
688
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
3
524
000
103
000
    
25
000
3
652
000
    
3
652
000

    
7
995
000
74
000
(47
000
58
000
8
080
000
    
8
080
000

    
11
519
000
177
000
(47
000
83
000
11
732
000
    
11
732
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
66
514
000
1
442
000
(263
000
109
000
67
802
000
36
382
000
31
420
000



000 and $74
000 for the
years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 and a realized loss of $2
000 for the year ended December 31
 2012.


    
    





 2014 and
2013:



    
    
    

    
4
410
000
5
381
000

    
920
000
757
000

    
1
108
000
855
000

    
9
689
000
10
809
000

    
(392
000
(265
000

    
15
735
000
17
537
000


5. PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 


 plant
 and equipment consisted of the following at December
31
 2014 and 2013:



    
    
    

    
650
000
650
000

    
13
346
000
12
391
000

    
59
501
000
53
347
000

    
149
000
155
000

    
73
646
000
66
543
000

    
40
169
000
32
067
000


 plant and equipment- net
33
477
000
34
476
000


Depreciation
and amortization expense for continuing operations for the years ended December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012 was $8
052
000
 $7
810
000
and $7
683
000
Depreciation and amortization expense for discontinued operations
related to the Medifast Corporate Weight Control Centers for the years ended December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012 was $1
699
000
$3
144
000
 and $2
433
000
 respectively. As a result of the sale and closure of the Medifast Weight Control Centers
 the Company
incurred an asset impairment loss of $3.3 million in 2014 that is included in discontinued operations.




at December 31
 2014 and 2013:



    
    
    

    
12
178
000
12
031
000

    
3
890
000
5
403
000

    
806
000
1
335
000

    
1
980
000
    

    
3
000
000
3
461
000

    
21
854
000
22
230
000







 2014
 the Company leases
office space for corporate offices
 a distribution facility in Texas
 a raw materials warehouse in Maryland
 as well as 77 leases
for previously corporate-operated Medifast Weight Control Centers under lease terms ranging from five to ten years. The 77 leases
include 3 Centers closed in December 2013
 34 Centers that were closed in December 2014
 and 40 leases for Centers that were sold
to franchise partners during 2014 and entered into sublease agreements with the franchisees. The Company accrued for the remaining
lease obligations net of any sublease income
 see Note 13 for exit activity and clinic obligations. Monthly payments under the
Medifast Weight Control Centers leases range in price from $1
500 to $5
000. The Company is additionally required to pay property
taxes
 utilities
 insurance and other costs relating to the leased facilities.


for our printing operation that supports our sales channels and network equipment for information technology that are accounted
for as capital leases. The leases extend through December 2016.


minimum rental and lease payments required under non-cancelable lease terms in excess of one year as of December 31
 2014:


    
    




    
    
    

    
4
471
000
248
000

    
3
633
000
248
000

    
1
967
000
    

    
488
000
    

    
71
000
    

    
10
630
000
496
000

    
    
22
000

    
    
474
000

    
    
232
000

    
    
242
000



reduced by minimum sublease rent income of approximately $3.8 million due under future non-cancelable subleases.


rent expense for the years ended December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
1
460
000
1
400
000
1
415
000

    
7
189
000
5
233
000
3
956
000

    
8
649
000
6
633
000
5
371
000



expense is an accrual of $4.4 million and $1.1 million for the periods ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively for continuing
obligations for operating leases related to centers closed during the periods.


the years ended December 31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012 was $1.2 million
 $1.4 million
 and $1.8 million
 respectively.




 2010 in the
U.S. District Court (SD
 Cal) against Barry&nbsp;Minkow&nbsp;and the Fraud Discovery Institute
 Inc. (collectively
 &ldquo;Minkow&rdquo;)
&nbsp;iBusiness&nbsp;Reporting
and its editor William&nbsp;Lobdell
 Tracy&nbsp;Coenen&nbsp;and Sequence
 Inc. (collectively
 &ldquo;Coenen&rdquo;)
 &ldquo;Zee
Yourself&rdquo;
 and Robert L. Fitzpatrick (&ldquo;FitzPatrick&rdquo;) for defamation
 market manipulation and unfair business
practices
 alleging a scheme of market manipulation of Medifast stock for Defendants&rsquo; for monetary gain
 and damaging the
business reputation of Medifast and its Take Shape For Life division. Bradley T. MacDonald
 former Executive Chairman of Medifast
and a stockholder
 joined the lawsuit individually. &nbsp;The lawsuit seeks $270 million in compensatory damages
 punitive damages
and ancillary relief.&nbsp; In March 2011
 the District Court granted in part and denied in part certain Anti-SLAPP Motions to
Strike (i.e. motions to dismiss) previously filed by all Defendants.&nbsp; The Company appealed that portion of the District Court&rsquo;s
ruling which dismissed its defamation claims against&nbsp;Minkow&nbsp;and&nbsp;Coenen&nbsp;in the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals.&nbsp;
Defendant&nbsp;FitzPatrick&rsquo;s&nbsp;motion was denied as to the Company&rsquo;s defamation claim
 and&nbsp;FitzPatrick&nbsp;appealed
that portion of the Court&rsquo;s ruling. &nbsp;On June 4
 2014
 the Panel of the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals issued a decision
denying FitzPatrick&rsquo;s appeal and remanding to the District Court for further consideration; reversing the District Court&rsquo;s
decision as to Minkow and remanding for further consideration; denying MacDonald&rsquo;s appeal in its entirety; and denying Medifast&rsquo;s
appeal as to Coenen.&nbsp; On September 26
 2014
 the District Court obtained jurisdiction of the case once again and the parties
set a briefing schedule on the outstanding issues remanded by the Ninth Circuit. Coenen filed a motion for attorneys&rsquo; fees
which Medifast has opposed. That motion is now fully-briefed and currently remains sub judice. Medifast has been engaged in settlement
discussions with Minkow and FitzPatrick. There is a status conference with the District Court scheduled for March 20
 2015.


franchisee partners in order to support them obtaining additional funding to expand their business into new markets. This is in
line with the Company&rsquo;s long-term strategy of expanding the franchise business utilizing knowledgeable franchise partners.
The first guarantee provides financial coverage for a $1.0 million loan and a $1.0 million line of credit. The variable rate term
loan has a 2 year term expiring in September 2015; payment calculations assume a 7 year amortization with a balloon payment due
at the end of the term. The line of credit has a two year term expiring in September 2015. The franchisee associated with these
loans has failed to pay the monthly obligations and the Company expects to be required to perform under this guarantee and has
accrued a charge of $2.0 million as of December 31
 2014. The Company is a secondary guarantor on the loan and line of credit
and has pursued personal recourse against the franchise owner. The second guarantee provides financial coverage for a $1.4 million
loan. The variable rate term loan has a 2 year term expiring in October 2015; payment calculations assume a 7 year amortization
with a balloon payment due at the end of the term. The Company is the third guarantor on these loans and has recourse against
another entity owned by the franchisee and the franchisee owner(s) themselves should it be deemed necessary. As of March 10
 2015
the franchisee has an outstanding balance of $0.1 million on the loan.


    
    



 2012
 Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company
 signed a proposed consent decree with the Federal Trade Commission (&ldquo;FTC&rdquo;)
 in response to the FTC&rsquo;s
investigation of certain statements in the Company&rsquo;s advertising for its weight-loss programs.&nbsp; On September 17
 2012
the consent decree was entered and approved by the United States District Court for the District of Columbia. The consent decree
replaces a previous consent order entered into by Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc. and the FTC in 1992.&nbsp; The FTC expressed concern
that some of the Company&rsquo;s advertising contained claims which were not compatible with current standards for substantiation.&nbsp;
Pursuant to the consent decree
 the Company agreed to modify certain advertising claims in this regard and agreed to ensure that
its clinical studies meet the protocol contained in the consent agreement.&nbsp; The Company paid a civil penalty of $3.7 million
to resolve the FTC&rsquo;s concerns and avoid protracted legal proceedings.&nbsp; The Company recorded the penalty in the second
quarter of 2012 as part of selling
 general &amp; administration expenses.


    
    





are as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
10
282
000
11
682
000
10
380
000

    
96
000
(202
000
132
000

    
10
378
000
11
480
000
10
512
000

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
176
000
365
000
(528
000

    
206
000
63
000
(70
000

    
(96
000
    
    

    
286
000
428
000
(598
000

    
    
    
    

    
10
664
000
11
908
000
9
914
000



 2014
2013
 and 2012 was $4.9 million
 $10.0 million
 $7.4 million
 respectively. Those amounts have been allocated to the following
financial statement items:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
10
664
000
11
908
000
9
914
000

    
(5
302
000
(1
690
000
(1
332
000


 unrealized gain (loss) on investment securities
(182
000
143
000
83
000


 share-based compensation tax benefit
(275
000
(383
000
(1
265
000

    
    
    
    

    
4
905
000
9
978
000
7
400
000



December 31




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
291
000
332
000
336
000

    
699
000
413
000
692
000

    
1
283
000
896
000
    

    
3
170
000
1
260
000
690
000

    
142
000
337
000
526
000

    
8
000
337
000
1
228
000

    
5
593
000
3
575
000
3
472
000

    
    
    
    

    
(294
000
(476
000
(333
000

    
(779
000
(710
000
(752
000

    
(6
285
000
(7
091
000
(7
729
000

    
    
    
(105
000

    
(7
358
000
(8
277
000
(8
919
000

    
    
    
    

    
(1
765
000
(4
702
000
(5
447
000



rate and the Company's effective tax rate are as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
11
093
000
    
13
665
000
    
9
925
000
    


 net of federal benefit
314
000
    
393
000
    
736
000
    

    
73
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
(811
000
    
(979
000
    
(902
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
1
389
000
    

    
200
000
    
173
000
    
(190
000
    

    
(203
000
    
(459
000
    
(267
000
    

    
(113
000
    
(707
000
    
(686
000
    

    
111
000
    
(178
000
    
(91
000
    

    
10
664
000
    
11
908
000
    
9
914
000
    



 2013 and 2012 effective tax rates
were impacted by the Company&rsquo;s extensive state income tax planning.&nbsp; This planning includes taking advantage of Maryland&rsquo;s
apportionment methodology.&nbsp; As a manufacturing entity based in Maryland
 the Company utilizes the single sales factor apportionment
method in addition to claiming new state jobs credits and research &amp; development credits.&nbsp; These benefits were offset
in 2012 by a $3.7 million FTC nondeductible settlement.&nbsp;In 2013 the Company benefited from research and development credits
effective January 1
 2013
 applicable retroactively to 2012 activity. In 2014 the Company benefited from research and development
credits effective January 1
 2014 in addition to filing an amended federal return to claim 2010 research and development credits
due to changes in Federal regulations.


    
    



operating loss carry forwards totaling $10.6 million start expiring in 2031.&nbsp; Maryland state credits carry forwards totaling
$197
000 will begin to expire in 2018.






to employees and nonemployee directors. The fair value of these options are estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model
 which requires estimates of the expected term of the option
 the expected volatility of the price of the
Company&rsquo;s common stock
 dividend yield and the risk-free interest rate. Options outstanding as of December 31
 2014 vest
over a period of three years with an expiration term of ten years. The exercise price of these options ranges from $24.26 to $28.81.
The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company&rsquo;s common stock over the period of time equivalent
to the expected term for each award. Due to the Company&rsquo;s lack of option exercise history
 the expected term is calculated
using the simplified method defined as the midpoint between the vesting period and the contractual term of each award. The risk
free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect on the date of grant which most closely corresponds to
the expected term of the option. The Company historically has not issued dividends and therefore does not utilize a dividend yield
 The weighted average input assumptions used
and resulting fair values were as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    






    
    
    
    
    

    
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
70
542
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
(2
778
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 2014
67
375
    
    
505
286


 2014
4
662
    
    
43
310



$15.19. The unrecognized compensation expense calculated under the fair value method for shares expected to vest as of December
31
 2014 was approximately $0.6 million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 1.9 years.




employees and nonemployee directors generally with terms ranging up to seven years. The fair value is equal to the market price
of the Company&rsquo;s common stock on the date of grant. Expense for restricted stock is amortized ratably over the vesting period.
The following table summarizes the restricted stock activity:


    
    




    
    
    


 2013
393
532
    

    
23
115
    

    
(119
388
    

    
(7
333
    


 2014
289
926
    


The total share-based
compensation expense charged against income during the years ended December 31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012 were $3
918
000
 $3
209
000
and $2
850
000
 respectively. In addition to the unvested shares listed above
 the Company recognized $734
000 in share-based
compensation in 2014 for 43
750 shares of performance awards to be issued to certain key employees based on achieving 2014 financial
plan that will vest on December 31
 2015.&nbsp; The Company intends to issue additional performance awards in 2015 to certain
key employees if certain 2015 financial plans are met.&nbsp; During 2014
 the Company issued 7
000 restricted stock awards to
 The Company issued additional awards to
members of the Board of Directors including: 6
850 shares to vest over a one year period and 9
265 granted in lieu of meeting
fees that vested immediately. The total income tax benefit recognized in the consolidated statement of income for these restricted
stock awards was approximately $1
398
000
 $1
123
000 and $969
000 for the years ending December 31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively.
The tax benefit recognized in additional paid-in capital upon vesting of restricted stock awards was approximately $275
000
 $383
000
and $1
265
000 for the years ending December 31
 2014
 2013
 2012
 respectively. There was approximately $5.8 million of total
unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock awards as of December 31
 2014. The cost is expected to be recognized
over a weighted-average period of approximately 3.1 years.




000
000
revolving line of credit with Bank of America at the LIBOR rate plus 1.75%
 which was 1.92% at December 31
 2014. The agreement
expires on August 1
 2015.


customary covenants including covenants that
 in certain circumstances
 restrict the Company&rsquo;s ability to incur additional
indebtedness
 pay dividends and redeem capital stock
 make other payments
 including investments
 sell its assets and enter into
consolidations
 mergers and transfers of all or substantially all of its assets. The line of credit agreement also requires the
Company to maintain specified financial ratios and satisfy certain financial condition tests. At December 31
 2014
 the Company
was in compliance with all of the required financial ratios and also met all of the financial condition tests. Upon the occurrence
of an event of default under the line of credit
 the lenders may cease making loans and declare amounts outstanding to be immediately
due and payable.




Control Centers
 the Company re-evaluated the segment results being reported. The consolidated operating profit of the Company
is reviewed by the chief operating decision maker as a single segment and sales are reviewed at the channel level.

December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
57
159
000
75
521
000
84
417
000

    
206
657
000
228
729
000
216
094
000

    
15
424
000
15
336
000
14
309
000

    
6
045
000
4
468
000
3
751
000

    
285
285
000
324
054
000
318
571
000


13. DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
 EXIT ACTIVITIES
 AND CLINIC OBLIGATIONS


 the Company exited the MWCC corporate center model by
selling 41 centers to existing franchise partners (24 centers were sold in June 2014 and the remaining 17 centers were sold in
December 2014) and closing the remaining 34 corporate centers. In accordance with ASU 2014-08

(Topic 205) and Property Plant
 and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components
of an Entity
 liabilities
 operating results
 and cash flows of the MWCC corporate center channel have been presented
separately as discontinued operations in the Consolidated Financial Statements for all periods presented.


    
    



 the Company incurred a pre-tax charge of $8.6 million
associated with the discontinued operations. This charge includes $0.6 million for one-time termination benefits
 $4.4 million
for closed clinic lease obligations
 $3.3 million for impaired assets
 and $0.5 million in other facility related closure costs.
These exit activity costs were partially offset by a gain of $0.2 million on the sale of centers.


is $2.1 million of clinic closure costs recorded for the closure of 8 corporate centers in December 2013 and $7.4 million of clinic
closure costs for the closure of 34 corporate centers in December 2014. As of December 31
 2014
 $6.5 million of clinic closure
costs are included in accrued expenses. The accrual is comprised of $4.6 million for closed clinic lease obligations
 $0.9 million
for customer refunds
 $0.6 million for accrued severance charges
 and $0.4 million for other closure costs.


for discontinued operations for the years ended December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
22
509
000
32
832
000
38
135
000

    
(13
150
000
(4
856
000
(3
898
000

    
(5
302
000
(1
690
000
(1
332
000


 net of tax
(7
848
000
(3
166
000
(2
566
000



the major classes of assets and liabilities divested as of December 31
 2014 included in discontinued operations:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


 net
57
000

    
123
000

    
4
000

    
184
000

    
    

    
22
000

    
    

    
206
000

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
4
858
000

    
4
858
000

    
    

    
2
756
000

    
    

    
7
614
000



primarily closed clinic lease obligations
 severance accruals
 and customer refunds incurred as of December 31
 2014:


    
    





 2012
    

    
1
361
000

    
    


 2013
1
361
000

    
6
006
000

    
(833
000


 2014
6
534
000



31
 2014 as follows:



    
3
778
000

    
2
756
000


 2014
6
534
000





 2014
 the Company
adopted a stockholders&rsquo; rights plan whereby the Board of Directors authorized and declared a dividend distribution of one
right for each outstanding share of common stock of the Company to the stockholders of record at the close of business on September
9
 2014. The rights are not presently exercisable and remain attached to the shares of common stock until the occurrence of certain
triggering events. The rights will expire on August 28
 2015
 unless exercised
 redeemed
 or exchanged prior to that time. The
Board of Directors may terminate the rights plan before the expiration date. In connection with the 13D filings
 the Company incurred
$2.6 million in legal expenses in 2014.


    
    






    
    
    

    
    
Restated and Amended
    Certificate of Incorporation of the Company incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company&rsquo;s current report
    on Form 8-K filed February 27
 2015.

    
    
    

    
    
Amended and Restated
    By Laws incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&rsquo;s current report on Form 10-K filed March 31
 2010.

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment to the Amended
    and Restated By Laws incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&rsquo;s current report on Form 8-K filed on February
    11
 2014.

    
    
    

    
    
2012 Share Incentive
    Plan incorporated by reference to the Definitive Proxy Statement on Form DEFA filed July 30
 2012.*

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Incentive
    Stock Option Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company&rsquo;s current report on Form 8-K filed February
    4
 2014.*

    
    
    

    
    
Lease relating to
    the Company's Owings Mills
 Maryland facility incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 of the Company
    (File No. 33-81524).

    
    
    

    
    
Subsidiaries of Medifast
    Inc. (filed herewith).

    
    
    

    
    
Consent of McGladrey
    LLP (filed herewith).

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Chief
    Executive Officer pursuant to Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
    Act of 2002 (filed herewith).

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Chief
    Financial Officer pursuant to Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
    Act of 2002 (filed herewith).

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Chief
    Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith).

    
    
    

    
    
The following financial
    statements from Medifast
 Inc.&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2014
 filed March 16
 2015
    formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets
 (ii) Consolidated Statements
    of Income
 (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
 (iv) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo;
    Equity (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
 and (vi) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (filed herewith).



plan.




of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.


 INC.





of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



MEDIFAST
    INC.
    

    
    

    
    

/s/
    MICHAEL C. MACDONALD
    

    
    

    
    

(Principal Executive
    Officer)
    

Dated: March 16
 2015
    

    
    

/s/
    TIMOTHY G. ROBINSON
    

    
    

    
    

(Principal Financial
    and Accounting Officer)
    

Dated: March 13
 2015
    



    
    



of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated have signed this Report below.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/ HARVEY
    C. BARNUM
    
    
    
March 13
 2015

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/ BARRY
    B. BONDROFF
 CPA
    
    
    
March 13
 2015

Barry B. Bondroff
 CPA
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

 2015

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/ CHARLES
    P. CONNOLLY
    
    
    
March 13
 2015

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/ JASON
    L. GROVES
 ESQ.
    
    
    
March 13
 2015

Jason L. Groves
 Esq.
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/ MICHAEL
    C. MACDONALD
    
    
    
March 16
 2015

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/ SR.
    CATHERINE T. MAGUIRE RSM
    
    
    
March 13
 2015

Sr. Catherine T. Maguire
    RSM
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/ JOHN
    P. MCDANIEL
    
    
    
March 13
 2015

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/ JERRY
    D. REECE
    
    
    
March 13
 2015

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/ REV.
    DONALD F. REILLY
 OSA
    
    
    
March 13
 2015

Rev. Donald F. Reilly
    OSA
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

 2015

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/ MARGARET
    E. SHEETZ
    
    
    
March 13
 2015

    
    
    
    
    



    















     






 Inc.



    
    
    

Jason Enterprises
 Inc.
    
    

Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
    
    

Jason Properties
 LLC
    
    

Medifast DISC
 Inc.
    
    

Medifast Franchise Systems
 Inc.
    
    

Medifast Franchise Systems
 Inc. Canada
    
Ontario
 Canada

Medifast Nutrition
 Inc.
    
Ontario
 Canada

Seven Crondall Associates
 LLC
    
    

Six Crondall Associates
 LLC
    
    

Take Shape For Life
 Inc.
    
    




    














     






    
        




Consent of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm



Statement No. 333-187974 on Form S-8 of Medifast
 Inc. of our reports dated March 16
 2015
 relating to our audits of the consolidated
financial statements and internal control over financial reporting
 included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Medifast
 Inc.
for the year ended December 31
 2014.




 Maryland

 2015



    














     








 Michael C. MacDonald
 certify that:



    
I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Medifast
 Inc.; 




    
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement
    of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under
    which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 




    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial
    information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations
    and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 




    
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer&nbsp;&nbsp;and I
    are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
    and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for
    the registrant and have:




    
    
Designed such disclosure controls
    and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material
    information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those
    entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 




    
    
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
    or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance
    regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
    with generally accepted accounting principles;




    
    
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s
    disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
    controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 




    
    
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s
    fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially
    affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and 




    
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most
    recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee
    of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 




    
    
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
    in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
    registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and 




    
    
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves
    management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.
    



 2015



Michael
    C. MacDonald
    

    
    

    
    



    















     








 Timothy
G. Robinson certify that:



    
I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Medifast
    Inc.; 




    
Based on my knowledge
 this report
    does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
    made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered
    by this report; 




    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial
    statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial
    condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 




    
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying
    officer&nbsp;&nbsp;and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
    Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
    13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:




    
    
Designed such
    disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to
    us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 




    
    
Designed such internal control
    over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to
    provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
    for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;




    
    
Evaluated the effectiveness
    of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
    of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
    




    
    
Disclosed in this report any
    change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most
    recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
    or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and 




    
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer
    and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s
    auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
    




    
    
All significant deficiencies
    and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
    to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and 




    
    
Any fraud
 whether or not material
    that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
    reporting. 



 2015



/s/&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Timothy G.
    Robinson
    

    
    

    
    




    














     







18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350





Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2014 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I Michael C. MacDonald
 Chief Executive Officer and I Timothy G. Robinson
 Chief
Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002
 to the best of my knowledge
 that:


The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934
 as amended; and


The information contained in the report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial
condition and results of the operations of the Company.



    
    
    

    
    

    
    

March 16
 2015
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    

March 13
 2015
    




    





















      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      





      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      



    


    




        


        




    




410
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
381
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=42%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Packaging&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;920
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;757
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=42%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Non-food Finished Goods&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
108
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;855
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=42%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Finished Goods&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;9
689
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;10
809
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=42%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Reserve for Obsolete Inventory&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(392
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(265
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=42%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;15
735
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;17
537




 gross unrealized gains
 gross unrealized losses and fair value by significant investment category recorded as cash and cash equivalents or investment securities as of December 31

&amp;#160;2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Unrealized&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Unrealized&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Accrued&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Estimated&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Cash&amp;#160;&amp;amp;&amp;#160;Cash&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Investment&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Cost&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Gains&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Losses&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Interest&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Fair&amp;#160;Value&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Equivalents&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Securities&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Cash&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;23
894
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;23
894
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;23
894
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Level 1:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Money Market Accounts&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;565
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;565
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;565
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Mutual Funds&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;10
733
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;63
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(129
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;10
667
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;10
667
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Corporate Equity Securities&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;3
408
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;695
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(31
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;4
072
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;4
072
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Government &amp;amp; Agency Securities&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;4
559
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;49
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(5
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;15
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;4
618
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;4
618
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;19
265
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;807
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(165
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;15
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;19
922
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;565
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;19
357
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Level 2:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Municipal Bonds&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;3
652
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;78
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(7
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;28
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;3
751
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;3
751
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Corporate Bonds&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
022
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;29
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(12
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;38
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
077
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
077
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;8
674
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;107
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(19
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;66
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;8
828
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;8
828
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;51
833
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;914
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(184
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;81
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;52
644
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;24
459
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;28
185

&amp;#160;2013&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Unrealized&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Unrealized&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Accrued&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Estimated&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Cash&amp;#160;&amp;amp;&amp;#160;Cash&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Investment&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Cost&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Gains&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Losses&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Interest&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Fair&amp;#160;Value&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Equivalents&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Securities&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Cash&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;30
958
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;30
958
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;30
958
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Level 1:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Money Market Accounts&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
424
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
424
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
424
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Mutual Funds&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;7
887
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;127
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(164
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;7
850
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;7
850
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Corporate Equity Securities&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;4
614
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
076
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(9
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
681
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
681
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Government &amp;amp; Agency Securities&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;6
112
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;62
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(43
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;26
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;6
157
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;6
157
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;24
037
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
265
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(216
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;26
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;25
112
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
424
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;19
688
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Level 2:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Municipal Bonds&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;3
524
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;103
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;25
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;3
652
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;3
652
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Corporate Bonds&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;7
995
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;74
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(47
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;58
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;8
080
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;8
080
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;11
519
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;177
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(47
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;83
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;11
732
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;11
732
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;66
514
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
442
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(263
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;109
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;67
802
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;36
382
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;31
420

000&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;74
000&lt;/font&gt; for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 and a realized loss of $2
000 for the year ended December 31


 which requires estimates of the expected term of the option
 the expected volatility of the price of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock
 dividend yield and the risk-free interest rate. Options outstanding as of December 31


 2013&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 10px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=47%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;70
542&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;26.11&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 10px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=47%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Exercised&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 10px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=47%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Forfeited&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(2
778)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;27.16&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 10px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=47%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Expired&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(389)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;28.81&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=47%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;67
375&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;26.05&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;8.90&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;505
286&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=47%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Exerciseable at December 31
 2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;4
662&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;24.26&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;8.14&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;43


 2013&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;393
532&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;24.23&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 10px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=40%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;23
115&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;28.43&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 10px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=40%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Vested&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(119
388)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;23.68&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 10px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=40%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Forfeited&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(7
333)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;28.81&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=40%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Unvested at December 31
 2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;289

 2014
 2013
 and 2012 were $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;3
918
000&lt;/font&gt;
 $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;3
209
000&lt;/font&gt;
 and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2
850
000&lt;/font&gt;
 respectively. &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;In addition to the unvested shares listed above
 the Company recognized&lt;/font&gt; $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;734

750&lt;/font&gt; shares of performance awards to be issued to certain key employees based on achieving 2014 financial plan that will vest on December 31
 2015.&amp;#160; The Company intends to issue additional performance awards in 2015 to certain key employees if certain 2015 financial plans are met.&amp;#160; During 2014



265&lt;/font&gt; granted in lieu of meeting fees that vested immediately&lt;/font&gt;. The total income tax benefit recognized in the consolidated statement of income for these restricted stock awards was approximately $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;1
398
000&lt;/font&gt;
 $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;1
123
000&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;969
000&lt;/font&gt; for the years ending December 31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively. The tax benefit recognized in additional paid-in capital upon vesting of restricted stock awards was approximately $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;275
000&lt;/font&gt;
 $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;383
000&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;1
265
000&lt;/font&gt; for the years ending December 31
 2014
 2013
 2012
 respectively. There was approximately $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5.8&lt;/font&gt; million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock awards as of December 31



 2014

159
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;75
521
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;84
417
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=43%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Take Shape For Life&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;206
657
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;228
729
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;216
094
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=43%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Medifast Weight Control Centers- Franchise&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;15
424
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;15
336
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;14
309
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=43%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Medifast Wholesale&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;6
045
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;4
468
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;3
751
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=43%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Net Revenue&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;285
285
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;324
054
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;318
571


 2010 in the U.S. District Court (SD
 Cal) against Barry&amp;#160;Minkow&amp;#160;and the Fraud Discovery Institute
 Inc. (collectively
 &amp;#8220;Minkow&amp;#8221;)
&amp;#160;iBusiness&amp;#160;Reporting
 and its editor William&amp;#160;Lobdell
 Tracy&amp;#160;Coenen&amp;#160;and Sequence
 Inc. (collectively
 &amp;#8220;Coenen&amp;#8221;)
 &amp;#8220;Zee Yourself&amp;#8221;
 and Robert L. Fitzpatrick (&amp;#8220;FitzPatrick&amp;#8221;) for defamation
 market manipulation and unfair business practices
 alleging a scheme of market manipulation of Medifast stock for Defendants&amp;#8217; for monetary gain
 and damaging the business reputation of Medifast and its Take Shape For Life division. Bradley T. MacDonald
 former Executive Chairman of Medifast and a stockholder
 joined the lawsuit individually.&amp;#160;The lawsuit seeks $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;270&lt;/font&gt; million in compensatory damages
 punitive damages
 and ancillary relief.&amp;#160; In March 2011
 the District Court granted in part and denied in part certain Anti-SLAPP Motions to Strike (i.e. motions to dismiss) previously filed by all Defendants.&amp;#160;The Company appealed that portion of the District Court&amp;#8217;s ruling which dismissed its defamation claims against&amp;#160;Minkow&amp;#160;and&amp;#160;Coenen&amp;#160;in the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals.&amp;#160; Defendant&amp;#160;FitzPatrick&amp;#8217;s&amp;#160;motion was denied as to the Company&amp;#8217;s defamation claim
 and&amp;#160;FitzPatrick&amp;#160;appealed that portion of the Court&amp;#8217;s ruling. &amp;#160;On June 4
 2014
 the Panel of the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals issued a decision
 denying FitzPatrick&amp;#8217;s appeal and remanding to the District Court for further consideration; reversing the District Court&amp;#8217;s decision as to Minkow and remanding for further consideration; denying MacDonald&amp;#8217;s appeal in its entirety; and denying Medifast&amp;#8217;s appeal as to Coenen.&amp;#160; On September 26
 2014
 the District Court obtained jurisdiction of the case once again and the parties set a briefing schedule on the outstanding issues remanded by the Ninth Circuit. Coenen filed a motion for attorneys&amp;#8217; fees
 which Medifast has opposed. That motion is now fully-briefed and currently remains sub judice. Medifast has been engaged in settlement discussions with Minkow and FitzPatrick. There is a status conference with the District Court scheduled for March 20


 2015

 2012
 Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
 signed a proposed consent decree with the Federal Trade Commission (&amp;#8220;FTC&amp;#8221;)
 in response to the FTC&amp;#8217;s investigation of certain statements in the Company&amp;#8217;s advertising for its weight-loss programs.&amp;#160; On September 17
 2012 the consent decree was entered and approved by the United States District Court for the District of Columbia. The consent decree replaces a previous consent order entered into by Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc. and the FTC in 1992.&amp;#160; The FTC expressed concern that some of the Company&amp;#8217;s advertising contained claims which were not compatible with current standards for substantiation.&amp;#160; Pursuant to the consent decree
 the Company agreed to modify certain advertising claims in this regard and agreed to ensure that its clinical studies meet the protocol contained in the consent agreement.&amp;#160; The Company paid a civil penalty of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;3.7&lt;/font&gt; million to resolve the FTC&amp;#8217;s concerns and avoid protracted legal proceedings.&amp;#160; The Company&amp;#160;recorded the penalty in the second quarter of 2012 as part of selling


 2014
 the Company adopted a stockholders&amp;#8217; rights plan whereby the Board of Directors authorized and declared a dividend distribution of one right for each outstanding share of common stock of the Company to the stockholders of record at the close of business on September 9
 2014. The rights are not presently exercisable and remain attached to the shares of common stock until the occurrence of certain triggering events. The rights will expire on August 28
 2015
 unless exercised
 redeemed
 or exchanged prior to that time. The Board of Directors may terminate the rights plan before the expiration date. In connection with the 13D filings

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


410
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
381
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=42%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Packaging&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;920
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;757
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=42%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Non-food Finished Goods&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
108
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;855
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=42%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Finished Goods&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;9
689
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;10
809
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=42%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Reserve for Obsolete Inventory&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(392
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(265
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=42%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;15
735
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;17
537


 gross unrealized gains
 gross unrealized losses and fair value by significant investment category recorded as cash and cash equivalents or investment securities as of December 31

&amp;#160;2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Unrealized&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Unrealized&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Accrued&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Estimated&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Cash&amp;#160;&amp;amp;&amp;#160;Cash&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Investment&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Cost&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Gains&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Losses&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Interest&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Fair&amp;#160;Value&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Equivalents&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Securities&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Cash&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;23
894
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;23
894
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;23
894
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Level 1:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Money Market Accounts&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;565
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;565
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;565
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Mutual Funds&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;10
733
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;63
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(129
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;10
667
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;10
667
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Corporate Equity Securities&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;3
408
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;695
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(31
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;4
072
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;4
072
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Government &amp;amp; Agency Securities&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;4
559
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;49
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(5
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;15
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;4
618
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;4
618
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;19
265
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;807
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(165
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;15
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;19
922
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;565
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;19
357
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Level 2:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Municipal Bonds&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;3
652
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;78
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(7
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;28
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;3
751
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;3
751
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Corporate Bonds&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
022
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;29
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(12
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;38
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
077
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
077
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;8
674
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;107
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(19
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;66
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;8
828
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;8
828
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;51
833
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;914
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(184
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;81
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;52
644
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;24
459
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;28
185

&amp;#160;2013&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Unrealized&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Unrealized&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Accrued&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Estimated&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Cash&amp;#160;&amp;amp;&amp;#160;Cash&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Investment&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Cost&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Gains&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Losses&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Interest&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Fair&amp;#160;Value&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Equivalents&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Securities&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=9% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Cash&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;30
958
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;30
958
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;30
958
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Level 1:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Money Market Accounts&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
424
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
424
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
424
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Mutual Funds&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;7
887
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;127
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(164
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;7
850
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;7
850
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Corporate Equity Securities&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;4
614
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
076
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(9
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
681
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
681
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Government &amp;amp; Agency Securities&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;6
112
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;62
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(43
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;26
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;6
157
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;6
157
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;24
037
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
265
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(216
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;26
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;25
112
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
424
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;19
688
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Level 2:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Municipal Bonds&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;3
524
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;103
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;25
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;3
652
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;3
652
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Corporate Bonds&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;7
995
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;74
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(47
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;58
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;8
080
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;8
080
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;11
519
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;177
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(47
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;83
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;11
732
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;11
732
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=29%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;66
514
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
442
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(263
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;109
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;67
802
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;36
382
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;31
420

  

 2013&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 10px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=47%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;70
542&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;26.11&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 10px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=47%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Exercised&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 10px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=47%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Forfeited&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(2
778)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;27.16&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 10px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=47%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Expired&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(389)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;28.81&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=47%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;67
375&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;26.05&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;8.90&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;505
286&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=47%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Exerciseable at December 31
 2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;4
662&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;24.26&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;8.14&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;43


 2013&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;393
532&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;24.23&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 10px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=40%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;23
115&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;28.43&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 10px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=40%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Vested&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(119
388)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;23.68&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 10px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=40%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Forfeited&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(7
333)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;28.81&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=40%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Unvested at December 31
 2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;289


 2014

159
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;75
521
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;84
417
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=43%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Take Shape For Life&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;206
657
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;228
729
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;216
094
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=43%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Medifast Weight Control Centers- Franchise&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;15
424
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;15
336
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;14
309
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=43%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Medifast Wholesale&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;6
045
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;4
468
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;3
751
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=43%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Net Revenue&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;285
285
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;324
054
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;318
571

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 Take Shape For Life
 Inc.
 Seven Crondall Associates
 LLC
 Jason Properties
 LLC
 Medifast Franchise Systems
 Inc.
 Medifast Nutrition
 Inc. and Jason Enterprises


 and the balances with these financial institutions often exceed the amount of insurance provided on such accounts by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The cash and cash equivalents generally are maintained with financial institutions with reputable credit
 and therefore bear minimal credit risk. Historically

 investment in available-for-sale securities
 trade receivables and debt. The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents


 we consider actual return rates in preceding periods. To the extent the estimate of returns changes
 we will adjust the reserve
 which will impact the amount of product sales revenue recognized in the period of the adjustment. Our estimates for returns have not differed materially from our actual returns. The provision for estimated returns as of December 31
 2014 and 2013 was $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;290
000&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;525
000&lt;/font&gt;

 as well as customer payment history. The allowance for doubtful accounts as of December 31
 2014 and 2013 was $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;64
000&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;122
000&lt;/font&gt;

 utilizing the first-in
 first-out method. The cost of finished goods includes the cost of raw materials
 packaging supplies
 direct and indirect labor and other indirect manufacturing costs. On a quarterly basis

 and unrealized holding gains and losses
 net of the related deferred tax effect
 are reported as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income in stockholders' equity. Interest and dividends on marketable debt and equity securities are recognized in income when declared. Realized gains and losses
 including losses from declines in value of specific securities determined by management to be other-than-temporary
 if any

 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more-likely-than-not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes

 2014 and 2013
 no material estimated interest or penalties were recognized for the uncertainty of certain tax positions. We file income tax returns in the United States and various states jurisdictions. With few exceptions
 we are no longer subject to U.S. federal

 in the opinion of management

 except for the preparation
 layout
 design and production of advertising costs which are expensed when the advertisement is first used. Advertising expense for continuing operations
 excluding broker fees
 for the years ended December 31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 amounted to $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;17&lt;/font&gt; million
 $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;21&lt;/font&gt; million
 and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;26&lt;/font&gt; million

 distribution facilities
 and office space under operating leases. Many of our lease agreements contain tenant improvement allowances
 rent holidays
 rent escalation clauses
 and contingent rent provisions. The Company recognizes incentives and minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases. We commence recording rent expense on the date of initial possession
 which is generally when we enter the space and begin to make improvements to properties for our intended use. For tenant improvement allowances and rent holidays

 we record minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases on the consolidated statements of income. Several leases provide for contingent rents

 approved and committed to by management

 Plant
 and Equipment -&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/strong&gt; &lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Property


 rebates
 promotional adjustments
 price adjustments
 and estimated returns and upon transfer of title and risk to the customer which occurs at shipping (F.O.B. terms). Upon shipment


029

135

442

848

166

566

181

969

876

670

774

721




778

817

739

713&lt;/font&gt; options outstanding for the year ended December 31
 2014 that could potentially dilute base earnings per share in the future. No options were excluded from the calculation for years ended December 31

 primarily restricted stock awards to employees and directors
 is measured at the grant date
 based on the calculated fair value of the award

 expenses

 financial condition
 or cash flows
 based on current information
 except for Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;) 2014-09
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&lt;/i&gt; and ASU 2014-08
 &lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property Plant

 &lt;i&gt; Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&lt;/i&gt;
 requires the Company to recognize revenue for the transfer of goods or services to customers for the amount the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The Company will be required to identify the contract
 identify the relevant performance obligations
 determine the transaction price
 allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract
 and recognize the revenue when the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The provisions of this ASU are effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15

 &lt;i&gt; Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property Plant
 and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity&lt;/i&gt;
 raises the threshold for a disposal to qualify as a discontinued operation and requires new disclosures of both discontinued operations and certain other disposals that do not meet the definition of a discontinued operation. It is effective for annual periods beginning on or after December 15

  
  

 Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 Take Shape For Life
 Inc.
 Seven Crondall Associates
 LLC
 Jason Properties
 LLC
 Medifast Franchise Systems
 Inc.
 Medifast Nutrition
 Inc. and Jason Enterprises

  
  



 and the balances with these financial institutions often exceed the amount of insurance provided on such accounts by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The cash and cash equivalents generally are maintained with financial institutions with reputable credit
 and therefore bear minimal credit risk. Historically


 investment in available-for-sale securities
 trade receivables and debt. The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents



 we consider actual return rates in preceding periods. To the extent the estimate of returns changes
 we will adjust the reserve
 which will impact the amount of product sales revenue recognized in the period of the adjustment. Our estimates for returns have not differed materially from our actual returns. The provision for estimated returns as of December 31
 2014 and 2013 was $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;290
000&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;525
000&lt;/font&gt;

 as well as customer payment history. The allowance for doubtful accounts as of December 31
 2014 and 2013 was $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;64
000&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;122
000&lt;/font&gt;


 utilizing the first-in
 first-out method. The cost of finished goods includes the cost of raw materials
 packaging supplies
 direct and indirect labor and other indirect manufacturing costs. On a quarterly basis


 and unrealized holding gains and losses
 net of the related deferred tax effect
 are reported as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income in stockholders' equity. Interest and dividends on marketable debt and equity securities are recognized in income when declared. Realized gains and losses
 including losses from declines in value of specific securities determined by management to be other-than-temporary
 if any


 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more-likely-than-not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes

 2014 and 2013
 no material estimated interest or penalties were recognized for the uncertainty of certain tax positions. We file income tax returns in the United States and various states jurisdictions. With few exceptions
 we are no longer subject to U.S. federal

 in the opinion of management


 except for the preparation
 layout
 design and production of advertising costs which are expensed when the advertisement is first used. Advertising expense for continuing operations
 excluding broker fees
 for the years ended December 31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 amounted to $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;17&lt;/font&gt; million
 $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;21&lt;/font&gt; million
 and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;26&lt;/font&gt; million


 distribution facilities
 and office space under operating leases. Many of our lease agreements contain tenant improvement allowances
 rent holidays
 rent escalation clauses
 and contingent rent provisions. The Company recognizes incentives and minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases. We commence recording rent expense on the date of initial possession
 which is generally when we enter the space and begin to make improvements to properties for our intended use. For tenant improvement allowances and rent holidays

 we record minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases on the consolidated statements of income. Several leases provide for contingent rents

  

 approved and committed to by management


 Plant
 and Equipment -&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/strong&gt; &lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Property



 rebates
 promotional adjustments
 price adjustments
 and estimated returns and upon transfer of title and risk to the customer which occurs at shipping (F.O.B. terms). Upon shipment




029

135

442

848

166

566

181

969

876

670

774

721




778

817

739

713&lt;/font&gt; options outstanding for the year ended December 31
 2014 that could potentially dilute base earnings per share in the future. No options were excluded from the calculation for years ended December 31


 primarily restricted stock awards to employees and directors
 is measured at the grant date
 based on the calculated fair value of the award


 expenses


 financial condition
 or cash flows
 based on current information
 except for Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;) 2014-09
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&lt;/i&gt; and ASU 2014-08
 &lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property Plant

 &lt;i&gt; Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&lt;/i&gt;
 requires the Company to recognize revenue for the transfer of goods or services to customers for the amount the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The Company will be required to identify the contract
 identify the relevant performance obligations
 determine the transaction price
 allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract
 and recognize the revenue when the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The provisions of this ASU are effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15

 &lt;i&gt; Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property Plant
 and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity&lt;/i&gt;
 raises the threshold for a disposal to qualify as a discontinued operation and requires new disclosures of both discontinued operations and certain other disposals that do not meet the definition of a discontinued operation. It is effective for annual periods beginning on or after December 15

  

029

135

442

848

166

566

181

969

876

670

774

721




778

817

739

713&lt;/font&gt; options outstanding for the year ended December 31
 2014 that could potentially dilute base earnings per share in the future. No options were excluded from the calculation for years ended December 31

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


 plant
 and equipment consisted of the following at December 31

000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=13%&gt; &lt;div&gt;650
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=41%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Building and leasehold improvements&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=13%&gt; &lt;div&gt;13
346
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=13%&gt; &lt;div&gt;12
391
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=41%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Equipment and fixtures&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=13%&gt; &lt;div&gt;59
501
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=13%&gt; &lt;div&gt;53
347
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=41%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Vehicle&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=13%&gt; &lt;div&gt;149
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=13%&gt; &lt;div&gt;155
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=41%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=13%&gt; &lt;div&gt;73
646
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=13%&gt; &lt;div&gt;66
543
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=41%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Less accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=13%&gt; &lt;div&gt;40
169
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=13%&gt; &lt;div&gt;32
067
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=41%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Property
 plant and equipment- net&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=13%&gt; &lt;div&gt;33
477
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=13%&gt; &lt;div&gt;34
476

 2014
 2013 and 2012 was $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;8
052
000&lt;/font&gt;
 $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;7
810
000&lt;/font&gt;
 and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;7
683
000&lt;/font&gt;
 respectively. Depreciation and amortization expense for discontinued operations related to the Medifast Corporate Weight Control Centers for the years ended December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012 was $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;1
699
000&lt;/font&gt;
 $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;3
144
000&lt;/font&gt;
 and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2
433
000&lt;/font&gt;
 respectively.&amp;#160;As a result of the sale and closure of the Medifast Weight Control Centers


 plant
 and equipment consisted of the following at December 31

000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=13%&gt; &lt;div&gt;650
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=41%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Building and leasehold improvements&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=13%&gt; &lt;div&gt;13
346
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=13%&gt; &lt;div&gt;12
391
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=41%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Equipment and fixtures&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=13%&gt; &lt;div&gt;59
501
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=13%&gt; &lt;div&gt;53
347
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=41%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Vehicle&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=13%&gt; &lt;div&gt;149
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=13%&gt; &lt;div&gt;155
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=41%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=13%&gt; &lt;div&gt;73
646
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=13%&gt; &lt;div&gt;66
543
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=41%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Less accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=13%&gt; &lt;div&gt;40
169
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=13%&gt; &lt;div&gt;32
067
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=41%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Property
 plant and equipment- net&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=13%&gt; &lt;div&gt;33
477
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=13%&gt; &lt;div&gt;34
476

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2014 and 2013:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/strong&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-ALIGN:Left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; WIDTH: 100%&gt; &lt;table style=MARGIN: 0in; WIDTH: 80%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; OVERFLOW: visible cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=left&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=42%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=13% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=13% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2013&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=42%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Trade payables&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;12
178
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;12
031
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=42%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Sales commissions payable&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;3
890
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
403
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=42%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Sales tax payable&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;806
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
335
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=42%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Accrued loan guarantee&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
980
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=42%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Accrued payroll and related taxes&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;3
000
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;3
461
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=42%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;21
854
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;22
230


 2014 and 2013:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/strong&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-ALIGN:Left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; WIDTH: 100%&gt; &lt;table style=MARGIN: 0in; WIDTH: 80%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; OVERFLOW: visible cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=left&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=42%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=13% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=13% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2013&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=42%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Trade payables&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;12
178
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;12
031
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=42%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Sales commissions payable&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;3
890
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
403
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=42%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Sales tax payable&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;806
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
335
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=42%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Accrued loan guarantee&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
980
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=42%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Accrued payroll and related taxes&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;3
000
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;3
461
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=42%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;21
854
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;22
230

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2014
 the Company leases office space for corporate offices
 a distribution facility in Texas
 a raw materials warehouse in Maryland
 as well as 77 leases for previously corporate-operated Medifast Weight Control Centers under lease terms ranging from five to ten years. The 77 leases include 3 Centers closed in December 2013
 34 Centers that were closed in December 2014
 and 40 leases for Centers that were sold to franchise partners during 2014&amp;#160;and entered into sublease agreements with the franchisees. The Company accrued for the remaining lease obligations net of any sublease income
 see Note 13 for exit activity and clinic obligations.&amp;#160;Monthly payments under the Medifast Weight Control Centers leases range in price from $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;1
500&lt;/font&gt; to $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5
000&lt;/font&gt;. The Company is additionally required to pay property taxes
 utilities


471


633


967



630






 2014

460

400

415

189

233

956

649

633

371

 2014 and 2013

 2014
 2013
 and 2012 was $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt; million
 $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt; million
 and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;1.8&lt;/font&gt; million



471


633


967



630






  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

282
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;11
682
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;10
380
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;State&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;96
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(202
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;132
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total Current&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;10
378
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;11
480
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;10
512
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Deferred&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Federal&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;176
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;365
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(528
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;State&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;206
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;63
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(70
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Foreign&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(96
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total Deferred&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;286
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;428
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(598
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total Income Tax Expense from Continuing Operations&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;10
664
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;11
908
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;9
914

 2014
 2013
 and 2012 was $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4.9&lt;/font&gt; million
 $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;10.0&lt;/font&gt; million
 $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;7.4&lt;/font&gt; million
 respectively. Those amounts have been allocated to the following financial statement items:&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#160; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-ALIGN:Left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; WIDTH: 100%&gt; &lt;table style=MARGIN: 0in; WIDTH: 90%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; OVERFLOW: visible cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=left&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2013&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Income from continuing operations&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;10
664
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;11
908
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;9
914
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Loss from discontinued operations&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(5
302
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(1
690
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(1
332
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Stockholders' equity
 unrealized gain (loss) on investment securities&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(182
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;143
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;83
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Additional paid in capital
 share-based compensation tax benefit&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(275
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(383
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(1
265
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total Income Tax Expense&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;4
905
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;9
978
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;7
400


000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;332
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;336
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Credit and loss carryforwards&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;699
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;413
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;692
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Stock compensation&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
283
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;896
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Accrued expenses and deferred costs&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;3
170
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
260
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;690
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Inventory capitalization&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;142
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;337
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;526
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Sales tax accrual&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;8
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;337
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
228
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
593
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;3
575
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;3
472
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Unrealized gain/loss on investments&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(294
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(476
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(333
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Prepaid expenses&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(779
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(710
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(752
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Depreciation&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(6
285
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(7
091
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(7
729
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Stock compensation&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(105
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(7
358
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(8
277
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(8
919
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(1
765
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(4
702
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(5
447

093
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;35.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;13
665
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;35.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;9
925
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;35.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=39%&gt; &lt;div&gt;State income taxes
 net of federal benefit&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;314
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;393
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;736
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;2.6&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=39%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Foreign Taxes&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;73
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.2&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=39%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Domestic manufacturer deduction&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(811
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-2.6&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(979
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-2.5&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(902
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-3.2&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=39%&gt; &lt;div&gt;FTC settlement&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
389
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;4.9&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=39%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Other permanent differences&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;200
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.6&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;173
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.4&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(190
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-0.7&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=39%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Research and development and jobs credits&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(203
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-0.6&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(459
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-1.2&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(267
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-0.9&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=39%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Other state income tax benefits&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(113
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-0.4&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(707
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-1.8&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(686
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-2.4&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=39%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;111
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.4&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(178
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-0.4&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(91
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-0.3&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=39%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;10
664
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;33.6&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;11
908
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;30.5&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;9
914

 2013 and 2012 effective tax rates were impacted by the Company&amp;#8217;s extensive state income tax planning.&amp;#160; This planning includes taking advantage of Maryland&amp;#8217;s apportionment methodology.&amp;#160; As a manufacturing entity based in Maryland
 the Company utilizes the single sales factor apportionment method in addition to claiming new state jobs credits and research &amp;amp; development credits.&amp;#160; These benefits were offset in 2012 by a $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;3.7&lt;/font&gt; million FTC nondeductible settlement.&amp;#160;In 2013 the Company benefited from research and development credits effective January 1
 2013
 applicable retroactively to 2012 activity. In 2014 the Company benefited from research and development credits effective January 1



282
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;11
682
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;10
380
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;State&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;96
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(202
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;132
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total Current&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;10
378
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;11
480
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;10
512
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Deferred&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Federal&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;176
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;365
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(528
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;State&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;206
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;63
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(70
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Foreign&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(96
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total Deferred&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;286
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;428
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(598
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total Income Tax Expense from Continuing Operations&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;10
664
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;11
908
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;9
914



000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;332
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;336
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Credit and loss carryforwards&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;699
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;413
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;692
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Stock compensation&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
283
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;896
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Accrued expenses and deferred costs&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;3
170
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
260
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;690
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Inventory capitalization&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;142
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;337
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;526
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Sales tax accrual&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;8
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;337
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
228
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
593
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;3
575
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;3
472
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Unrealized gain/loss on investments&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(294
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(476
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(333
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Prepaid expenses&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(779
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(710
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(752
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Depreciation&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(6
285
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(7
091
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(7
729
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Stock compensation&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(105
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(7
358
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(8
277
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(8
919
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(1
765
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(4
702
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(5
447


093
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;35.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;13
665
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;35.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;9
925
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;35.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=39%&gt; &lt;div&gt;State income taxes
 net of federal benefit&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;314
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;393
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;736
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;2.6&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=39%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Foreign Taxes&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;73
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.2&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=39%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Domestic manufacturer deduction&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(811
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-2.6&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(979
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-2.5&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(902
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-3.2&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=39%&gt; &lt;div&gt;FTC settlement&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
389
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;4.9&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=39%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Other permanent differences&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;200
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.6&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;173
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.4&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(190
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-0.7&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=39%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Research and development and jobs credits&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(203
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-0.6&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(459
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-1.2&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(267
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-0.9&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=39%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Other state income tax benefits&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(113
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-0.4&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(707
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-1.8&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(686
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-2.4&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=39%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;111
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.4&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(178
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-0.4&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(91
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-0.3&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=39%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;10
664
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;33.6&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;11
908
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;30.5&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=2%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;9
914

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

000
000&lt;/font&gt; revolving line of credit with Bank of America at the &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;LIBOR rate plus 1.75%
 which was 1.92%&lt;/font&gt; at December 31
 2014. The agreement expires on &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;August 1

 in certain circumstances
 restrict the Company&amp;#8217;s ability to incur additional indebtedness
 pay dividends and redeem capital stock
 make other payments
 including investments
 sell its assets and enter into consolidations
 mergers and transfers of all or substantially all of its assets. The line of credit agreement also requires the Company to maintain specified financial ratios and satisfy certain financial condition tests. At December 31
 2014
 the Company was in compliance with all of the required financial ratios and also met all of the financial condition tests. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under the line of credit

  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 EXIT ACTIVITIES

 the Company exited the MWCC corporate center model by selling 41 centers to existing franchise partners &lt;font style=LINE-HEIGHT: 115%; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; (24 centers were sold in June 2014 and the remaining 17 centers were sold in December 2014)&lt;/font&gt; and closing the remaining 34 corporate centers.&amp;#160;In accordance with ASU 2014-08
 &lt;i&gt; Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property Plant
 and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity&lt;/i&gt; the assets
 liabilities
 operating results


 $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4.4&lt;/font&gt; million for closed clinic lease obligations
 $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;3.3&lt;/font&gt; million for impaired assets


 2014

 $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt; million for customer refunds
 $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt; million for accrued severance charges

 2014

509

832

135

150

856

898

302

690

332


848

166

566


 net&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;57
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Inventory&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;123
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;4
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 10px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=49%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total current assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;184
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Other assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;22
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 10px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=49%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;206
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=49%&gt; &lt;div&gt;LIABILITIES&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=49%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Current liabilities:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Accounts payable and accrued expenses&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;4
858
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 10px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=49%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total current liabilities&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;4
858
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Long-term lease obligations&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;2
756
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 10px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=49%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total liabilities&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;7
614

 severance accruals
 and customer refunds&lt;/font&gt; incurred as of December 31


361


361

006



534


778
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total long-term liabilities of discontinued operations&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;2
756
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Ending accrued balance as of December 31
 2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;6
534


 2014

509

832

135

150

856

898

302

690

332


848

166

566


 net&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;57
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Inventory&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;123
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;4
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 10px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=49%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total current assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;184
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Other assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;22
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 10px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=49%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;206
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=49%&gt; &lt;div&gt;LIABILITIES&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=49%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Current liabilities:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Accounts payable and accrued expenses&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;4
858
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 10px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=49%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total current liabilities&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;4
858
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Long-term lease obligations&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;2
756
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 10px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=49%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total liabilities&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;7
614

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 severance accruals
 and customer refunds&lt;/font&gt; incurred as of December 31


361


361

006



534


778
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total long-term liabilities of discontinued operations&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;2
756
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Ending accrued balance as of December 31
 2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=8%&gt; &lt;div&gt;6
534

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Inc. (the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;Medifast&amp;#8221;) is a Delaware corporation
 incorporated in 1989. The Company&amp;#8217;s operations are primarily conducted through seven of its wholly owned subsidiaries
 Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 Take Shape For Life
 Inc.
 Jason Enterprises
 Inc.
 Jason Properties
 LLC
 Medifast Franchise Systems
 Medifast Nutrition
 Inc. and Seven Crondall
 LLC. The Company is engaged in the production
 distribution
 and sale of weight loss and weight management products and other consumable health and diet products. Medifast
 Inc.&amp;#8217;s product lines include weight loss and management
 meal replacement
 and vitamins. The Company has one modern
 Food and Drug Administration (&amp;#8220;FDA&amp;#8221;) approved facility in Owings Mills

 including the internet
 call center
 independent health advisors
 medical professionals
 franchise weight loss clinics
 and direct consumer marketing supported via the phone and internet. The processing
 formulation
 packaging
 labeling and advertising of the Company&amp;#8217;s products are subject to regulation by one or more federal agencies
 including the FDA
 the Federal Trade Commission (&amp;#8220;FTC&amp;#8221;)
 the Consumer Product Safety Commission
 the United States Department of Agriculture

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2014

460

400

415

189

233

956

649

633

371


 2014
 2013
 and 2012 was $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4.9&lt;/font&gt; million
 $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;10.0&lt;/font&gt; million
 $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;7.4&lt;/font&gt; million
 respectively. Those amounts have been allocated to the following financial statement items:&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#160; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-ALIGN:Left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; WIDTH: 100%&gt; &lt;table style=MARGIN: 0in; WIDTH: 90%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; OVERFLOW: visible cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=left&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2013&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Income from continuing operations&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;10
664
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;11
908
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;9
914
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Loss from discontinued operations&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(5
302
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(1
690
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(1
332
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Stockholders' equity
 unrealized gain (loss) on investment securities&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(182
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;143
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;83
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Additional paid in capital
 share-based compensation tax benefit&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(275
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(383
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(1
265
000)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total Income Tax Expense&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;4
905
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;9
978
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;7
400

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




















        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 EXIT ACTIVITIES

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 EXIT ACTIVITIES

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Plant

        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Exit Activities

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    
    






    
    


    




    






    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    




    
    
    
    


    

000 and $564



    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    



 Plant and Equipment







    
    



 Including Discontinued Operation
 Assets

    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    



 Current

    




    



 Including Discontinued Operation
 Liabilities

    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 $.001 par value (1
500
000 authorized



    

000
000 shares authorized; 12
365
690 and 13
143
309 issued 12
075
764 and 13
115





    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    

 gross unrealized gains




 Stock Options

    



 Stock Options


 Stock Options



    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    



 Basic
 by Common Class




 Basic
 By Common Class


 Basic
 by Common Class



    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    
    




    
    


    
    




    




    


    


    






    



 Inputs


 Inputs




 Inputs


 Inputs



    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    



 Accumulated Gross Unrealized Gain

    



 Accumulated Gross Unrealized Loss

    


    
    


    
    




    


    


    


    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    








    


    


    


    
    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    






    


    



 Options
 Outstanding
 Number








 Options
 Grants in Period






 Options






 Options





    



 excluding stock (or unit) options




 Options
 Exercisable






 Options
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price








 Options
 Grants in Period






 Options
 Exercises in Period






 Options
 Forfeitures in Period





    


    



 Options
 Exercisable






 Options
 Outstanding






 Options
 Exercisable





    
    


    
    


    
    


    






    
    


    
    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options

    


    
    


    






    
    


    
    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures

    


    
    


    


    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range


 shares authorized under stock option plans
 exercise price range




 Options
 Grants in Period


 options
 grants in period




 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range


 shares authorized under stock option plans
 exercise price range



    
    
    


    
    
    






    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    



 Damages Sought


 Damages Sought



    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    





 general



    
    


    
    



 Nonoperating





    
    


    
    
    



 Income Taxes
 Extraordinary Items

    
    


    
    
    


    



 Net of Tax



    




    
    
    
    


    









 Unrealized Holding Gain (Loss) On Securities Arising During Period






 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI for Sale of Securities






 Available-for-sale Securities Adjustment







    
    



 Net of Tax

    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    




    
    



 Shares

    



 Share-Based Compensation







    





 Value
 Restricted Stock Award

    



 Shares
 Restricted Stock Award

    



 Value
 Acquired

    



 Retired
 Cost Method

    



 Shares

    


    


    
    



 Net of Tax







    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Continuing Operations
 Discontinued Operations

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    







 Including Discontinued Operation
 Assets

    
    


    
    



 Including Discontinued Operation
 Liabilities

    
    


    
    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    
    




    




    


    
    




    


    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Consolidation
 Basis of Presentation

    




    




    




    



 Credit Risk

    




    


    
    
    




    




    




    




    




    




    


    
    
    



 Plant and Equipment


 Plant





    




    




    




    




    




    



 Plant and Equipment

    






    







 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment



    
    



 Plant and Equipment



    






    
    


    


    
    






    


    



 Cost Method Investments
















 plant




 Plant and Equipment




 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant

    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    




    




    



 Other

    


    


    
    




    
    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    



 Future Minimum Payments Due

    




    




    




    




    










    




    




    


    
    



 Future Minimum Payments Due

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    








    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    






    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    



 Tax Deferred Expense

    




    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits

    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    




    




    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    



 Net

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    















 Options
 Outstanding






 Options
 Exercisable







    




    



 Net of Tax

    




    
    




    



 Net of Tax

    




    
    


    



 Including Discontinued Operations


 EXIT ACTIVITIES




 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement


 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



    


    


    




    



 State and Local Income Taxes






 Foreign Income Tax Rate Differential

    



 Deduction
 Qualified Production Activity

    



 Nondeductible Expense

    



 Deduction
 Other

    



 Nondeductible Expense
 Research and Development

    



 Tax Contingency
 Other

    



 Tax Credit
 Other

    



 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate






 State and Local Income Taxes


 State income taxes




 Foreign Income Tax Rate Differential






 Deduction
 Qualified Production Activity






 Nondeductible Expense






 Deduction
 Other






 Nondeductible Expense
 Research and Development






 Tax Contingency
 Other






 Tax Credit
 Other






 Tax Credit





    
    



 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups




 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups




 Including Discontinued Operation

    



 Gain (Loss) from Disposal of Discontinued Operation

    




    



 Including Discontinued Operation
 Assets

    



 Including Discontinued Operation
 Accounts
 Notes and Loans Receivable






 Including Discontinued Operation
 Inventory

    



 Including Discontinued Operation
 Prepaid and Other Assets

    



 Including Discontinued Operation

    



 Including Discontinued Operation

    



 Including Discontinued Operation
 Liabilities

    



 Including Discontinued Operation
 Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities

    



 Including Discontinued Operation

    



 Including Discontinued Operation

    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    







 Shares
 Restricted Stock Award




 Rent Expense



    
    






    


    
    


    


    
    




    






    


    



 Rent Expense

    


    
    

 including minimum and any contingent rent expense



    
    



 Including Discontinued Operation
 Accrued Liabilities

    



 Including Discontinued Operation





    



 Gain (Loss) on Disposal of Discontinued Operation





    


    


    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    






    


    






















    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 tpg18.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@``9`!D``#_[``11'5C:WD``0`$````9```_^X`#D%D
M;V)E`&3``````?_;`(0``0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0(`@(`@(`@(`P
#`P
#`P
#`P$!`0$!`0$`0$
M`@(!`@(#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#
M`P
#`P
#`P
#_\``$0@![`']`P$1``(1`0

4%18AEA@BU-56
2

M
RA10S1A1#=Q4D6UUSD1`0````````````````````#_V@`
`P$``A$#$0`_




%H7NAW%MV9W9#_P#3E]&SRQ+/ZF:Z^6=]UN9P?9%Z2=\CW3[[

;/4J3WFU,^@B^Y]21*O.2*EH_C[0#
M2:++5D@&42'-D7D#NRCO`]5J7D[R,A[*LOH'M:(<05!U\^0F2PZTZ(B=G$J'
ML,;L]KG*URDH;=@+T*$I+HNV$TM[I%*(1@$R548&8^0WQOSGPJ\EK_`8\

TW@+@B+2(AN+K*`*4^BSU!
MB5)HT!8_G/@KB@J1WEY%^L.9/./KMBH!6/
.6JHXQY/M_JNA$DG=5C.GYSO(


0RN8N=*4#
'2)-A)
M+E






M2H0T.U!H0_H^W9:SM1'











MD:5)!WAD?V\I9HX`#&I6'W=:&
PTT-=*3;ZQ3OKF_+TEKIXRN@A,5*=W4&@^J);#*:C='&KQ!^8`Y

M-I
&._1$P?['\GL7Q_:/XOL_8P+8%4/+_*OY/^JO']8_372U8\%^*&I.;*LC

.6B4!V'.=


ML./.E




M



M)Y^G\@K3S]T#;%J5TVOZM*&SYM1L-J:TI#&;
B



M7K`\COD/KN9TQQ]-DEEPFO.3H/*Z?DMY3YF3E)&5\O.0E&1\I.A/)`(+FV-X


PQM!&R@^N258
MTHDAGQMEIC6\Q44

A*'E;KV$R*LYA4?1+O/[G
*63PGIW











I3L8
MT(!$I=_IPPU/
.YXIP//*\H;D[N7B$[GN7T;
5MHRY1%+Q:W@UPB=LM+ZZ



M6QN)NH%58]7^

&OHW21$M9A@U:4H



X&



PL_0BM[]FR]8'


E=EH7M88^QF4PU_E$@E9C:^-




M)&HJ9T'9TF?P.



M_B_MGG'H6_N\NU^B&WJ3NGHZ.




)(0[(V0=L6]_$#K
M00PP^.68(_

.$6




OY*8%
K0
M0=(S%FPE*W#9QY'LT;\(L

M.$3VT%




MU=LTYKX@ZWZ$KDMD-G])\ZV]:4
FU*M;5*]K$X(]
M'E%J!F%^W6AAWOVZM$H\K=0UW-GVO9;4W13V75LBYP@U^W1#:V95U'5%*.
MFXU7#U6RR12!=-T$E<&1Q5V<V$+=LK2\*6;XNSEQ1792@T)=@_D#KNQ+T-I



:9@3`+V#/MV#:L-JID25_
%Z%O\`BE2E
M4!X4.2735\]HP0@!
%B]?ODW\?





'O9/;W4K;8%YWQG






!@
!@
!@
!@
M
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
H77_(45[-9*?KVSWHH^EX/
M=D2NU*E71IOD


MABZ`843O7$-JN'DU66

M1LTZ^D$IYRI&K.A:QY
$]R&M5%EGA#MNQ_'^[K8#NTH$OM6Q[&J/E^@*5KN&U216S!8Y
KY


:QKT^UFC0!W/BLJSIYIE_


MA
2L(0@5!.


YX+IJ-N[YNWHC9



M'EGK7F9+

+`[-IQVQJ$PQ^












#@]



M!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@

Q#%*E=J#


5H0BE';;:0A=CU;8M


M/TD8F.T+)E?1)`K\?Z[BB6SG5H@U022DZE9HH_V01[(]
98UOKRA1#4$Z3[6

7)#7MR)-3A
M(/#

MD







M4P:6#@


]`0P&^^8YY$HI.0U3+GR;U7

MRB

MP&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&!KH7^+7
N7VV)4U`]U^8Z0ZAWZ7`1Q^?WQ[:@[Z#CEB

M_/$%3G4)&WBV;TM2W@PRC@R1AE3+4T/1V#*'U(P0Z+N\=($WEE`^9+`(P)AQ
%N3:Y?0I<Q[TE=&Q5\RW


7A!;
L2M)3*7&



M39''CG55]

M;$28W33\%8G0H$J1.H)2)R2`!!=O^&VG9+7Z(P&6VNZRR?67Q@HN.S+LZN
MV?V-**9Y-O[5NM$3CD]6R-QDL.E+*T.[JFCZYK
;AIEAI!QIVC`#/V&Q+G'E

M6@(T
I&WMR$DA
246'V;Q&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`
MP&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`
MP&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`
MP&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`
MP&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`
MP&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`
MP&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`
MP&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&!JI'S.\[WW*^DT4'I_J9?5_/$5L27);Y:J0D


M!!*%$2


*UL:S$H4OO#&H



\8/BFCV#1GNZW[NM:T$XX#`8#`8#
M`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#

M`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&

M`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&

MS&*O




!@
!@
!@
M
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
#I9)(X_#

/4*#A@*)
M)+$


D)8PA+K*`\XU1PUQG='CIJ;


=:!NB\E

MY*;$BJ^I+(9+$I2:-O



MP&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&!2?LGN6
PP1ZP9SW-9L%E<UN`]I6-W.U8QAI#27-D32(W1
M-NN([




UK2I

M4292
MRA=]

MZT&:8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8$)T[_`
7O'_S8\_\`1$!P)LP&`P&`P&`P&`P&
M`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P*&]O]L)^7FZ#5

MUHDGXJP].08%H8C`49ZN&VA8L(K#?0Z2LVN$2N?Q)@+4*412SY!\E\.ADO?$




.HF_U2XX
M`WVQ:)=%X=



M2)Z#S]U14*=V6R)70]OL!9RE#%G03HXJE


I*$6%O=AMY#LE5(
M'5O
/;'=K5IEB8S99V@AU^`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&!=._\7O'_`
V//_1$!P)L
MP&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P.L




M8B_9

M

.E@PB5+(4%A6)R\T_D8L'G1JZCMR1:N73D+Q]P+K6W(HW51


MP&`P&`P&`P&!USP\-



MT&NC7$)@OASDD
D=S6MT(!

_VD@
.J,4TXT*PU/82O%$R@%A
!0ND.CU\GK::




!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!
M@
!@
!@



M5(.NX;%*H8:4J6%V9.X;')Q+(Y9-IV$RMXYY%8=(%H$2PYH4LC`^;(6.IQ2!
M*J

&B

WHA<$
;7U5%GMRBRP_YV






3A`J+:I]*PO#E(&\]*(C27WDIA(]J/@
MA#L6@\-W7]J3.;T0S5APUTY(*VMV.1R8R^Y;`+K2CFDV!^=GEM5-L[KRT)T
MRW8HGSG:0+53(CC)AGRBU.(!PAB$6`





MV0]




8D[*TR.


TX@
J^D+Q
M7LU!J0-`V16]LDVBQHD[!*4J+8?E7-(I*6I3BQEF!V`/L#56=6?E(XA'I;
]&IXC,)G'QR!MKZ1.S5
P%(4C:ID*/38W.KB2Z'Q



/-
&();P&`P&`P*B7!WIR%1RRU&&=WU7XIY2M33&


MW)ACI04MM*&R7I*T.:$@JFN'IF?SZ[)9G0F9N$_12M8ZRYV4M+C-&J4.(C

A#ZSNSA'I+%)E$W





F3HDZ=&C3D)$B0@I
E2IBBR$Z9.06$HA.G(*


!@
!@
#5[
MVATE?\ALQLX.X9:CDG3


Z2J6N&D:/2]X4_)
S2@2D@4.3R^/2W7P42!&


/4(P;(-&



!@
M!@
!@
^9^@(Q)MU[


`(TC9H/B%:.+#O8RM




!@
M!@
!@
!@
!@


MO9=$U];3I4Z4;I)5C1&YF?'`MLTF$#C:EFVC4/BEP-.:6-48=H:[:4`#Q!9F


MV'?X;]F_PP


M


MBEE)1#;

M7SU365:OMEO/

M(9E&*JU6

T2(U
:FVI^;:TY`PDK@




!

MSR

M=MDK]
:]?*J-E'2$H?O%Z#9S2]


!@
!@
!@
!@
!
M@

HT`#S``86

5SEQY+G:VG8;<P&UR3N*Y@NBGT25SIJPVV1Z)$2O5JX



M`J4A8;XXQ%XS(ZR1&1UBB
2C38C98Y%XPT-[!'8^S-Y($R!I9&1J3I&UJ;

M;BH.XHTDG

^=6V;\E4ZRL38RN[.*I7;4




9#;+FS





$$`=:]N]ZU@?
`K[EKGO'L



MQOQ75R5:+&+?PM%A_9T%K
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@:_/1U?SQ
M1]$UAIE#.*+8O*R+(=45.QSM1@BLQJB*D5M&=V1;+PZ(75O=G5N?I!$6U)$

MMTB^QTLACW/Z.TGC2=(DDJ:2JA1IT%&HT^M\==TBLE9\

MK!3;/0\
X?D3=
Y*]6E`.1&9BN]?
8.-5'%D`AQ-W7_`$88D\-04+@4_JFN(


M3@XJTJ!`B(-5+%RU04E1I$Q`-F'*%2D\99)!!)8=B$
8M!#K7MWOV8$!UGU;

TY/S41




ML0=ZT%2$WE1X]ED&M2=T?(K-ZC34W)XM#)I'^8:
M^YY/J33):]MS(VQ]!&(



T!3)]JP^XK-V`P(0CI)&


MQN7E-9K:C((4`.2*1&@$4$A)^)U+Y:4.MVU^JNK[
=8Y6C9`GJKB+0*K+G&8


+#HC0POO@
!@
!@
!@
M!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@





@R).XB`:M3IU$K&:4$119Y8MZ.P.JMS






H0H
M-X[V9T]LO5&@]


5X6F
3N


7T^1U_LMCZ$Z
OVZ6AS51&2.4KC*-E
M9Y[8SPTPYH:'AT







M_/Y#S:L*0[N9


T`1!W/3/5O




-
0DB

#7`$5KVA'_

M

M
KFB&6MY%*R&J*EA\^97IG0H`LA;HY/#FM.:#C@'C
/

YW6344_\SQ21:+:ALQQ;Y!L(48G],X`2(2
MRT100IP$A#
&7QR\&L+U=









\TE





M'
X\E+I0`\E`08B#Z'J5_P!.]WE0%9I:PK[R;0M
B'94BM.;S)IJ+IBJ[3O%


M:[&LC&V]DHVEF
=#4Y8U)B8HLP\98-CV+W=8$H_I_P#
F?\`UAWDCY$1C_H^

MV46+?X[`5LWK$9NRP;_`.Q;V+V?T[WO`?IK\P)7]85Y2.=%1@?Q0M\;284

B]T.]@+DOCTL5OT

S?MVF:[<Y5/;@W^'LT8YAU[?P]OL_'`]-^1SJ6!:UZ^^(/N:


+




M(IZ[^
G:FNC[[E5\JX)T/RA9UIOK
YS.)PJ
N\:7.T=Z;@
8?F0C[-81[S,
M29K1X@CV+V:W@5\H[P25GUET6A)K$4T/TI:]L'3YFM7QJG6/Q)&*ZC`8#`H

6!9'F7R1\
ML]12Q?4\?DTCJ;HUA2B52SE3HF*.=)](1DHO0Q'JA5I
0I54M8B0@WOZS'#W
MIC

MCHR-B`

).XKZ#\D4%Z`[1J6E^#[ZG\5CCCSZ[-
)[Y\


^
M*J3!U^/P&OH?K&



M*/RH18X'_OF



[W'G:QN+D

(V

M?5ZM
<2R
M?VFJLO&QRHUJOV??FME=]:3-M+

O1-H@(#[/

M%[Q_\V//_1$!P)LP&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P*P]/\`&?
?9431Q#H^H(O8R=E4

!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
#P(
M00!$




8T4^S*75XDE+E`W
MU%.()J/ED6D-;6+$[0B;RSE2MCDL;4FHY3#$8C5J!4G.)]\L0-Z%[=!2BT
M_&W=MZ01^JFYO)MUA/*OF'TQ-

TC:TZQ2V
M%@
K5GDI4B


#:E5E2591L&8ZRIBN815%=QI

W6];

M.ZB^'W$YZ;?L&$(-*ZA\BG%VOIG:_.N^QJ8;-;!KL'@Z)NJP&UK)]\(':[


M^#(FN

M[2MZJ:.AKI8MT67`JE@+(7LUWFED2YAA




MKQJFA&L



[1P34F]
M:V!*J7*4.]_@
@0=[UL*Z!Y
\G-!^W7



U[

!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@0-
MTCSE7G5%7**ELU1
F]@%*X%.FQ[KV:2O)O&YE6,T8[`@\FC$QBZQ]LCNPR


(*^

M`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`A.G?\`B]X_^;'G
M_HB`X$V8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#

M`FS`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#
-[E=LNJ`5_$Y?(Y99C
M-5Z23V<Y29FIFJ#'N,RZ0I9U;3G#F9[D1,<5+XL2QHBB0)2E#V\(BCEB4H0C
M,B'0_G)NJCVN).;?RY3T\)K'CR(=R=FK89TVCFD3CU(S.^3Z)8B^7)Y$X(X

S+^^X#U#@'\\0_\`
S+^^X#U#@'\
M\0_\S
O[[@/4.`?SQ#_S
R_ON`]0X!_/$/\`S
R_ON`]0X!_/$/_`#
R_ON`
M]0X!_/$/_
S+^^X#U#@'\\0_\S
O[[@/4.`?SQ#_`
S
O[[@/4.`?SQ#_P`S
M
O[[@/4.`?SQ#_S


(?^



9KDXZ0)C%'R2`H:\(35B

2,.]8W/GI`M!)*VDB-_V8

;PDZ3Z1')3PF$G)MD:]S8!Z$'8?PW@8ENJ:NW[/;


M\-8!^38[_#L!Z45;_AK`/R;'?X=@/2BK?\-8!^38[_#L!Z45;_AK`/R;'?X=





M_AK`/R;'?X=@/2BK?\-8!^38[_#L!Z45;_AK`/R;'?X=@/2BK?\`#6`?DV._


M**M_PU@'Y-CO\.P'I15O^&L`_)L=_AV`]**M_P`-8!^38[_#L!Z45;_AK`/R

U^BBT[C3\T%1-GFO6+5/9.M0H
M5!2:0JF5

M.C_&)K8\89OF7%RE\@($(X1FTH2$[:4%/L-3/
]N326P*]HYS=VET=8U`]=]



MD49&9Q=9

M$M]=5#:['KMI/DU2Q6$0`M/?T@[`MGEGS$W!5_;
E@R?F^K(K2)%GPML[$3
M0OD[B1]N3HMYI=)I_01RI);=5]7*6V+)BWD*W!TQW9:

SH`ITB%
5

R'KF



.


GCT5K)RLOHN1)][32WIFRJN;5(6.(.K\0SR%T=QD+0[$?HX`?7?5$M2
M3ZK:UG2!6[.":0'2U$O?V<

MO_TX&?X#`8#`8#`8&CCKA;T=$/
1XKE!_2$B+YXMN7]/1!LYHBK/N)1@2Z%\






M\


98RQB6&[1H4VRTJ;9
MH_A@#[V_:&237DKEJR:P1TG8/.%&3:GFZ1'3!NJV555!WVOV^6*GARD*N3H8
MBY




!@
!@



M6)W3R1&H&2O`H(

!@
!@
!@

2!2:'0SAUK




!@
!@
#$GN`P:2R2&3*1PV+/TNKE6]+Z^E#RP-3G(8
M

5
7=



MTJ(+&4

=


+V$6PLE7?E:H*S)Y#J

28T[0U3@O4$)$





OD4*BC?'Q




M


DS=#


MY:HVY06[AW2-'+B(:S1
:UV&O#S#S-NI&B@ONO\FM(-T`KQCJ=[@.9K8D
MDKB\?:4775JZ9
J^'K61XK)YTM5FR6!

LI0)

T*8[




MLMG^FY`TCL$REKHGE7-
V5M[60E;2':0



7I1'FZ2@=Z/XWZ0O:%A1.:IP2$)#)O



+%5U]

MO6O7W6-)




PL`4ZD+0U/DIESB
MJVG+






M)6
'J
BP;60B:+87K;A4+U+GMHLUAT6@=VQ



M



M$







7EX<C

2AMATD6R5VD$/P0$)R
M),25H#P6O#L6A!?A(D2-Z1*@0)4Z)B3DI$:-(26F2)$B8L)*=*E3DA`2G3I






M'7:4M3)!S5


!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!
M@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!
M@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!
M@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!
M@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!
M@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!
M@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!
M@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!
M@
!@
!@
!@:2.E_(SV/3M;]92G]&2NK&FF+9CD'KN\+*!-K`JMSK-U:GP+Y?



*1KVC8VI::K6DE%EA1`


M5R











862D1*%!H\L?3G;G3=(UEN@HS3%-.=(%5O1LLDNYE9SXU6;=
M=D72_IV1/0/-D/C\??3=V(W@4I/IIK_[I+^Y/-`F*+6M6IP_3H3N&^861T

M)3@H5J-S/5?&&2F1*`R9%WO8KU+_`!Q-*'FE\8X7V^S



M2




WJBW1&M

M@[)E\KO([PP/4B.57''TP8I#YY6C=*:&M6/R'HB$6--8_6]=2CG*.+XR6]6Z
MBG
\E[


MR!89U@2IW9$'0%@2A72U%V]

M]*A$'*VXD]&(&]!YNKRBU=!;?J^IJ_9I!
4^A('A($*M&8<D-).,F$G\FM
UG(YE#YFFL*P9@W6=T)$HU#


M-CB42KV`*%.ZH?GQI#%J4!H=307D=J:R^=H?;\]^:BLK!.)GUHRP






MCDVA)TJ:'Q$8G5A*_9$(

MG71*QV6X4E(?I1I-E[C+NO(*T6B#\1Q).TK0!5H=#4A#H)+Y3*Y9)GSBR@IR
M^4$7NI1TH7.9!-:KFD*=:8*YLK4-CR`V2Q]V9/==DCZVJ2342Y$J.;5*(6ST



ME$HV$(3UYA:#5VXSM:5MG#/0`^;[CZ!47)
JLLZ

M?
'1D*IU%8%!-4RNYX?H30%@-RU#6EDAK2&
/1L]8XC622YYFDCVBJMDDP(5
UJ5Z-L2?US6!-D.!\`<IXT&39UK&8LU72




M_M
WO`QMX\2-&2JU9'8

N
PBV

(^SQ2L;/7GM
MR6&*T;I'54/`F932_@IM&F!F



1\1

M3).[D1YSYP6\XCF9:1)^)9EM9&UD*3@0#MLV[EH3/FM$[U\#XVO=]GN8%.

F$W(AL
M
F48MEUZ&F3]-YH&Q*M?B8\ZJXR[O!.XNL*4$GL8$0?[0E.4IS@R*&\)US



MTY2:+GPB%UZUK5CS*FD',+9%4]4Q%FZ%5QK5OL]/ER6


FCSJVM7
K46PM;:T*6XPOF;J5'U&R'4K
M`6!


)



D=&5N-(+1I#UBE4
.TFWBC3VY

C;5*&#

M'?BJTC_'W%S1NYZP#@IV
+*=#\AS*VK#A=TU/T5*N=KICM5S*CI%-XU!(5/&

V
MN?QFL'J0KHC

:






K?FOG:E)W+N=&^0MCE8D`L6RZSAC)
YI-+H
MB[*FCT@DNU2/06T:@]$WI7

M4D'.XFA*F^U=6PT
P(NJ3QEO=%@C,0JSKFW(A2YC11YUNU@V12O@K+7G5&TI7]%H9$&?
MG-1TC@\8LB(U1'=RQ@0Z-)<A(#`)E(M:L<&MOB+!'&V(0V(]4V/'ZN11O
M@U#9
L&M-(FM#H03AD:
2GI=#4%
M*`ZQ[\.R61L9-=O/5EG+*9A%






MOK4KZL%3#R[RT3:4-;[26:..

Y
BH\A[T['



=;DRBT+76F\JXXV&K
M$:I
D;0@6<32V\

M'O%J.C=9,Z4D63UO3W32!H7I&90UP)TU:CY=K#SM#TP22P(JM46?/I<YZW[
M-*DPI






<*7BE.`?SI9<G++9*#&B7U1(G*%WM%&)XL

IL3@:#7Y:UH.Q
M]=IC6&9U_=$TA1W!SSH2+25
4AA-/R28/$L^0$2-6KK4TL\9):L[80B)'Y-.


TLJI


MFD1

%%$`^&`L+[V)UEU-3]T3?F&T.QHO(*S=)5#&Y/V_,*FJ.
M*GU'`K-Y4L*Y6^#.S:ZIRZ59MSWH&G86-]?49OP4+GMO-$L=3$2L08M;W0

M4E'GB]U



`(HC1L2M(N).5J]&I@C*G?)IWK9E:'KTUW
M4N*1V7&^/5ZQP1+:$LN6\VSZ_P#LSGFBI

$J&11AU5L4D85BAO4*D

_:8:,7
M^\(6]AQ3&)C.=RG\YF:C7XA`8U$O9C<D,=R6PXW9QS<4Y)VL+0&G;V
1.AZ






;(H=D;^H9VH]];TQZ-`]'-Z0UV0HU7XJ4B-R&2)8F3*-_P#N%@&$

7L
M_'6!Z`86
MST]%LS46\A(/3:=@-R
+GI
J$G&J3Z7A)TJT0I&D*V8#W_`'1[




2A;W`.C[GJF=R.*3..T


EYOB+)PT=/VXHMR4RW5(#DKQ%C['


M5F!72!=L=?U[Q!Y

RR
U



X4`?S7D99T


W57$[.G*J&0F&@



MN$3;#-G)DZH@9IH24M\I%F.SG8=C5=04ML-
&HTLLJF'LTRDLDCTEJI3W#87
M-C/?BZNH14



AI%AL2'Z8%AQCH]&N30FD+.F
M+

(YFBG

JSFFZ8
M_(H;+&VEWB9R1OLR#]
LY'R2IE;UCZEG%J-GDD_&-Q#[W3)GSF;B6WJ=J5



!L5LBN0JFU&WF?-)3E!@2]!LKY$Z_M#HJ
7TWV92K
M[4
RITIG

`G4

E
M6M)3
!D;M3@/4

-


*HHA3@8_=?E\NWGR
PF26-1-#JE^Z

W;[3A=ZS&G:)Y:3J38B4
MHV?T.R5ZZREN=A%Z
2

'4?2C8Y/6OM6E$)V




M/S[6\RYI4T)65\QZGALDCO9[L2%S!QF=L5J=


6
MM'JGN2W^;WF6K)J3%90ZM'PV@]H.4[VE6%):0@+)
P0]AUD?\`(AU;.)L[

M8/2_$R:24Q

L21P?2TZPIZUK?





MSFL[GD7JQ6%I^=1M#*ET+6E1@1;UL09PN\EO8==


M*@O[=O9\OC5`\G6G1
$K2UI7UY8]+UO!T3A;HTE6

#)



)IRTAN#'$/



M#`8#`8#`8#`8&G.U/\GG]63AZG_8'KWZOUS][?%]7?13]1'PX]Z4^L_T3_XL




MYZ6?9_._Z_ON3U$]4?TC?)D?5/23UH_O+V?:?U'TN^3_`.3/F/G/H']JP-RU









]ZA^K?H






M_P]/TC[^!]`^?_`+O^E_\`#?ZGWLL9?\`DK_2`?]#_I_Z%^4_=^%][_/




M]PV1ZV_6?O7YW[A_0H=ZD_6?IO\`9?F/T(^_\Q\M^Q]$_P#;_MN!:SGG]-_R



M3YZ86+Z+^D7I5^FWISU!^W_OSZ#^FKU0DWZH_C?
_M_;GJU]7^L_*?VSZK\S
M\+]KW\#I[E_R?OMT/W_]`^)ZT3/Y'TP]?_5WU2]%*P]4?M[T/_[Q_;OH;]I?


MWV_WM_\`P^@?'^G_P#['X7N?U_OX&N[RK^@_P!AO?I#Z!^NOJ9Q_PJ'J]]













#!__9
`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (Detail) (USD $)











Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross
$ 73
646
000
$ 66
543
000


        
40
169
000
32
067
000


Property
 plant and equipment- net
33
477
000
34
476
000


        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross
650
000
650
000


        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross
13
346
000
12
391
000


        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross
59
501
000
53
347
000


        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross
$ 149
000
$ 155
000




        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
$ 600
000
        
        


        
        
        
        


Share-based compensation arrangement by share-based payment award
 options
 grants in period
 weighted average grant date fair value
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Adjustments to Additional Paid in Capital
 Income Tax Benefit from Share-based Compensation
275
000
383
000
1
265
000


Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 Restricted Stock Award
 Gross
7
000
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Share-based compensation
 shares authorized under stock option plans
 exercise price range
 upper range limit
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Share-based compensation
 shares authorized under stock option plans
 exercise price range
 lower range limit
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
9
265
        
        


        
6
850
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
3
918
000
3
209
000
2
850
000


        
1
398
000
1
123
000
969
000


        
5
800
000
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
$ 734
000
        
        


        
        
        
        


Deferred Compensation Arrangement with Individual
 Shares Authorized for Issuance
43
750
        
        


        
119
388
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 excess tax benefit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including shares forfeited
 as a result of Restricted Stock Awards.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          















        
        
        
        


        
$ 291
000
$ 332
000
$ 336
000


        
699
000
413
000
692
000


        
1
283
000
896
000
        


        
3
170
000
1
260
000
690
000


        
142
000
337
000
526
000


        
8
000
337
000
1
228
000


        
5
593
000
3
575
000
3
472
000


        
(294
000)
(476
000)
(333
000)


        
(779
000)
(710
000)
(752
000)


        
(6
285
000)
(7
091
000)
(7
729
000)


        
        
        
(105
000)


        
(7
358
000)
(8
277
000)
(8
919
000)


        
$ (1
765
000)
$ (4
702
000)
$ (5
447
000)




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences expected to be realized or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#9PY]K0P(``*TE```3``@6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;"B!`(HH``````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#


9*YV-9.
D



8U]RG]@_WAS8^


#2`X^10F(BI'(96CF,I14.4HJG(4
M5CF*JQP%5HXBJT15:#(*E!D%2BRA19!8JL`D56@2*K0)%5H,@J4625*+)*
M%%DEBJP215:)(JM$D56BRI19)4HLBH4616*K`I%5H4BJT*15:'(JE!D52BR
M*A19%8JL&D56C2*K1I%5H\BJ4635*+)J%%DUBJP:15:-(NL
1=89BJRS_R5K
M3&448N/KOY_%..9



MDL].PS`
QN](O$/D^^IN2`BAI;M
2+LA5![`).X?M8VC)$#W]H0#@DICV]'V


M@Q7SG-


M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````




6QCK9=+7X^7






M(!$TNX(UK&!#MP[TCF&GW



M2&[^NAP.5
UDQO)2\JOACJOAI^L___CX4E;?'\OR^P`$I+H:;NIZ^V$T4NF&



:0R12IMK'^ZD3B!_=R3
M

J;1

!HV05TA,-C#/`].4]H8G[]7C5
M40D;H

R
5C*1E(+FO07/E):;2
J@\5XH4%^
EYK1[

:^6R6M;C2?\P'A:!IZXNDXLQH!:!J`_*;(3.AC0J0&H42
G

Z41K%5<I7BOH.Q1Y+J2L`XFV#8(CFN87H'^72L408/I*%ZO


%@]'3B=


+7


M:MY^+ZO-MH?EGH



X6*%B.RM!%%B?1(Z/+IJ)EQP8-T3SE#(<R<+R_
34-Z]2.49=X`6*?


M*@QA))[K0/*'+38]?PVS_&.6/R*8OQ*)$I'YT2B`
Z:D/
M-,N=5W%DQN3]VU


M(H(_+DAD\)%-^C*^-*1
1OD)]=%Q3)F


M'(LOSL7#


M59?$\2



+=/O3HRSRKE5:[9@AT
_

T
M-MM^)5)GD%&@&08A


5D01GDC&H/W\?#(-)*
+H
8M'BEJ#2=JDRWFM3@YT
M#?RF/J;8@V(&S!=GI*/S^B.KX!%)7I!EX4Y=!UQHJ
_'

:L^






`D<XG



M_%X^`X$HI&JNE7:I&G:Q[,#)E@%C&RG:?_]KG'


1M@6O6DA2]$(%N-^_?K4^
M/XJ*$&D!0RM25$G9K1Q'Y!5IL+!91UI8*1EOL(0A/SBBXP07_::F=GS7C9P&




7JV1



]VT_#KTP^CN+HQ7U!C,L\6;-V<FHH%WB@ZK$O16P*R<!1`?K6/P

S9CO'^9B=T&H`K:;#3A@-Y!
M-(1B+/KU-%RT*;#2=F'=Z@G@'L0&$R&O(%P3DLTARW`&&*#?Q&KP)!D;8P

^-HH7K3N*T
M




!)4`%'F#;M

_&;B18[[+06HHT`*F
1+CE@.I\/8<<!'E=Q\@1W?15
MUIUF(C45



*V=6M7VVE&6T\GOO;F[;O&38`$`9)`SK.O





M^\XR8'86[.#F(;'AF]GOF\O.9I??/O*C]L[+*BM.*YV9MJ[Q4UILL]-^I?_]
MU[

#S
MI#*+

MY?Q4HY.2'Y




H

)(U:$D?H.8H-'ALMF`8D0`(S)C&1XONR!
M2/IA/O5(

MA%L%N%(;AY!L`*05F!ACTP7@T)

_

M=T
Y;T2



YM)



OIG[





M
YX;6R45MN.FSH4?:_4?T\EULAA)-0E







MU?^6_S$+A^ZLOBO;AD&^J$%=@S]H343P5L-B=K'[L*_YLPIZ(.=*?&&7
MC[0\G@24.X2(

M.6'LS7R@6WO*Q6.)DK:5G[E@]0])ZB



M_]S;2#;#

MO[F>;69NKN^D[96DV+LB

P_

$_3F)P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`)=?


3^YI3*93(M0=VO@4]C7GI


=4_J&&TN
Z%YI4?^U
MHO!H94VBH\D

?

-:_4+OD(F1%/R))G7TMF


M``#__P


'W$L+PW^&WL[-_P




BSJ
M
3GD?E_D(I7Y4RFJQB2IQ2EK@%\=B[/JLI7YF'1E5C\^G3_GLCQ#BFUQ*II7

M2K_M



M







M-YX;6R4EUUOJS@0AN]7VO^`N#\!$TC:*,E1`77W2+O2:K4?UPXX2I@A)VF

=QU69SPOZL/&_?NO
MUV]/KB
DK7-:\IIMW$\FW._;GW]:GWG[)HZ




*LV.RW;;]P7LDK)TO6V

M]O14RC_Y^5=6'(X2MCNBKP5?Z9
I%!1R'-+(@P4\9+`(#?3E7@:$!'Z$?W
M]USD\KAQYXM9M/3G!.3.C@GY6F!*U\E.0O+J7R4B?2J5).B3A$#?WP]FP5-$
MHL7]+)XBZ@I

X@64'FH3+%

WW4G5IIP
M+RQ`ZD6,)!@H_7^/8:$BS8NU#VV+8JLKL1*L^@F8/[DXX\)G2C%!3K5`@8C
M/!@ZX^UVH=AF(^8GQTJS[-@(&.B4S5$5Q2IH;#J
^@77Z%'L4UO/1NQTH0=
ACS5`@;8\BM@*#;!YKX-IC27#4WL0*H%#!1\.UK6<__!P$7W
M'@RET9#L0*H%#1P




$J8&0[3?OM



.HTQV6ZZ^OSF[*0&QTB5XO1)
M\OPK;Q@4&]ID&K`7XMF@7W(3@IO)[.ZGK@'?)<I908^5_B%.GQD_E!JZ'4)

P^JN9D,*`A][?Y//-=E@H/(6







O

L)/)CT'_KM7P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A




MKGGEKEQ0VFY*!A7HV)&@58[O_/4NP^YV8_+YP^A)CJZ1K/GIBV#E-]91!NV
M26_`GO-GC3Z5^A9,=J]F/YH-^%022MR;-1/?OI*V:%6L-LQ%*3K6I=O#U06




;DY5!9OG*&LXQ2`TK!\D\%LLD)K0H\CWX3+WM



-PA`?IY2T;^RM97E]#U
MB#WNQZN*]B-0;$E'Q(LB];V^FC_L!LK0MH.\G^





'#[H&8O(1
MR1Z
Y\`L

M0M!W%`FIFR+/BY/@I0]70UQVY%4)K#6F4-++M
B**/H;6D$V)J0H\BPU(98Z
ML

BD=@]8:4RJ56107
NA



-
MG!%14




MY!$\32Z8W13C#Q'[%F$







M-U^MIG;U$8$WFTT0
#?


MBW;CZ

QU31UTMV`

%L?T-``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````

M7V^;

M?F4*WRX_?ECLA=RJBC&-0*%5&:ZT[N:^K_**-51YHF


MT?.:9_[
!Z7EHN!0@8D=259F^([

MH4VF`6LAM@9]*LQ?L-@_6_UH&_!-HH*5=%?K[V+_F?%-I:';
11DZIH7KP]
MY1`HR'AA;)1R48

M%LUO!Y&#E!



6DY9
MO;*1X]D6J5.6T7J[LO_\?KR9V187N
YPR6JRLE\)MV_7GS\M]ZQ]X@4AP@*&




MJTH7W[8U:_&F!-\O*
3I&[=Z&-!7-&T99[EP@

8/E#*(%,$MG`=3GM#.P)-?<
MR45J*:`YM.-Y'07^TGV&$J8=YGZ(0X(%\0/.P#5XQV
*TOPRH;7(^5W7K6[


(:$RKA

M

:L[[FM/&5RXRM
/W.NKF:HQN;CB/STX5@ER8



X.2]NY-F%D3X59.8YC'I)-CM_/OI7)9E
M]Y,LLTDZT#:^$C#_0\EF5IE;L%
L@ZDKP?(BV7CS3S55UQ]`VSPEOS`[9;6

2



0G6_BNT
FLQCXB!UPY#.X0/:CI)(&
H:;JW%V8-ULRZ





M@\

IXD*R8.[`]6EM+)^$F??@GD6/=M=S)_H.9(U-V`@W&3'MCW5!R*
M6CHEV\.C@9?`-A1XM

UXF+O(7K
MT#KE&:L/B?OKY\--[#I2D3HC):]IXKY0Z7[8O7^W/7'Q*`M*E0


MX_LR+6A%I


#OP

ML_D^L4P5B8M#;Q4M






&$
MII


M27-8NO`B*%#8%P5[H7AC#ML]5W#`FY\%O-!1.+(6'H!SSM7Y0K^*=*^(N[\`
M``#__P





3C`=R`-


G!-B4B0I^G*!;I

7S()


M4&)@4)YZ$/-[OUNE1Z'I&$D0AK$R.

MH6^
Z7YHD`;I:Z
G9CUHV#/4HE(4'9Y0O%
ZL4HO.'W:
`1AEW37B[6V^V
)




M&)67:
M$)Y'-^5.2^#)O9%.;29$$83:]#5N;!R45XBXW!B11('`)`(BQ;-10



1N6D(WF_.

M[9[Y

K]?&RJH7


^#P'P```/__
M`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`/MBI6V4!@``IQL``!





;5B;6%=W_S2



MD!+M[E'JV'6/^H)+/E'H'D4=3$M-
J0C)Y`6BW9I!'Z9E^D

MTWJ''+I(2`C




U9^2F

TD4F
MI`.)$B[AO&B&2VEK//3^RIXV&_H
M\G'2]B9P5(;'*`&O2]U





M')QU9AL@O0:Y*UJ@*0I:HFSV^%!)*K%3]'_O+)\SXF.7XO)AM#%RUHNSWWSS


!QX9^]Z

9119N[*V($5OW/A\/%UO7/NB!^6A:

G6`]FJ8O*=$[W^S6HZN1$KF\<7<`XC?_.KK!5[^*
M?GWQNR^^&/_CRZ_^]KVQ^_L/O\V_]\.7(S49!MF$&%3;O!Q7FH6W(\MJ[
'=


+$7U6B$;L=Y9&@2GY8








UGD_D\)/DQ5K3I[(P7@VT\I=&41[``

$



F9+&&/&+UV=VL9^P!VI)[Y]
Q^!^X!

]FHB;:(BV


M/J'*HA'3_(




L+H6BK[*!IZ4&*?CA8KQ^.]J/A



M$P'TGQ($$(0^$+!K[V(.0)Y]((!]?8(`!)HA`#@5JF@R#R8HFX$&LB%A_+:&





MQ/Y

Q.=X)5

M29Q74RV&4


M5U_4D&7:8!.O!SJJL7CK+P6[56XU649QQRX]4D^RPFI0IZ`3\/($V*DY^^


M!K-


M2=5E&5C*M(*K54N4A@@#%4VS3


3[J&


M+?^


M


M3DF2MBGI;VE*PLPK7L
GX!--+`-0.BDMZ5J9@SLPI0.^I.`D7E#I#-T+MJ](


MLBY7VDMCB?+Q:%IP@W#V1Y/L6Z.W1Q_N37L?O1A_S6^5K;2MS*[&Q[9`C75M

M41S9!$*XF


!?

MA*/(2A8UJO*9H



VE;.D6
M
?&MZ7PV=E0YE.$I@!2Q]






MQRMUI=JZZ;#;JDSF-[X%G_)B9V/P'[/7UB/T)(+/T*L`/_HW=$+UV6VO/[)!
M[OX+``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#P;7:[QE




PR\]-W#']I?!\J_J*X&]6Q:P@_/RYL.



M#L=ORE&O*E!@1

MVA]MZ(Y&KX%E47UH)Z9G-=5;SX=S`9=WCA[=]4Q:S\J4)=HK`GY:C$_]



^:O]W
MQ0&

3/FUOWI1


SC&0XO
K%17%4C+/

M;;]



MWW@V&

MN@FTY[@G8]($?F`K8D0I(\&?S7VBKNOR/YZ/L.HC^&LM_L/?\C1OWH^5*;


GS]WYS)I';O@()(&\3AA%MDE?@DR2;`YG_:N


MJ-MQ&N)[&;AMZG:^
3JD6&





5
M@@)W;3+&Q9:G?3GX?RLR(&9/





(/\3U^^9S\=5$2-PW+







M3BPWD
*O0!\D/9




MPD%;R):\LL;



MD@F[QA/US)R]B(




M78:

MF8EK$MCEY:79=B-ZX.G(Y
P0.O5$RCQ%J;];4:YQ!BMB2.NLM.D6OL&#8!;B




AK/


M\^F;1AKS[3]B:2:[WN5@:I5LU+3XRYP0LI74(0$R0*B#T1U`?&43+C#Y2J`6



M2\

FXMKWJ5MCRQR/B`6G7
2W1=^R
M;N[M
E@



M

ML]231.UR
*UGFX




F1-96TMC=)@N`C
&I`QHT8

`3:8#CB6K!/A
MWI67M_!P5NU$J61&FV.=



M2


MA


J#)45.<;?3





M
ZX(25-A-$&BW`?L87ZGA/C2]@2(?:U/(L
K/MZ8;)3H9!Z?)$2DD6\!!?L2

M9_;`$B@DOM=7HJMG3L7^QA?2!L138
W
]RDK<EX77RESA1UDL







M!X&U=




MI-AYI!4G!JC'G+?L92I&-P]EJ%XH5ND



.92/6*9EV-::!


ZLMMA9`XT45.ZW440GWKZ7?:(F
(4=ZBQR$DIJW5CK.(

MM&)N12'+O3&RU=;-8K#W\3TQN#A


MHLU
Z*QV#(*R

M%K`-?LO=
S<#[K=I`5[.0L8.
MX





4I0^2?0H[
YDG:R)&F^4



;

SC=3Y'#5



'HWD40BF:FPQ4I.'
U2;IF.05=.&QO
MZEW?R@RJ5D#GF*]G


M$A1/R?&M@6GIXW=OW[UM(['+D[OM5R3A


M[SSRBX.CO5M7


;+LTBDN4

2S;7N-S^+R-KWV)Z$KL/WSL1KJ
M1#2$0H+K8`F+;X!P[*N[:]/$ZZ7-)$NO8OZV;JFT5AA

/2'H6='C


M=V_WX`
IRX\YWW8YZ(M]8+BUMJ$03(=@

\

[3C#
U5'99W:06D_;

M[*ZAXX.]);2R3NAUQ'FT52S_
E23T#:.MZ\[N-UK7R@;U=HFLDUM&/
5VL








LWSJ4Y.Y

M'(V=!G_^(K\D5EU
WW1`YAKA\R/N*W^^?]3UX?')V!?K!E'X==XA@ZY+BSXL
M)?
EG8?KIC@'`='UT]E)RBWU





MSO8W&/.Q!:_0ON3V0O22]\EL%4\)WX:DE\_5UM)[IDUA-#`SOPZA/HBWO!?[
MU]H0B9IJSZ`S2]@#H2V=NNGM1\IY4A;`IS..R#;#EYJMCV[C[.)W;\^S1_BF



!N45]B\JQ;Z:SW]'WG0_AS%2G.1?(&O33S:D#F@(HJZG[AHJ
/'


M%[#D@







3$(RV
1BBX*\PL
M'2#7MOE?S==RF:-_8.AH&%CW9$\=!$Y^9]8X);[V![%O$\0*-!_IES'G26\F



MF;M$V;C&E*C?;


+LW+Q?N:%X-\02$HDY5G+?OJ


:]
RO*(%D

ME#1EWRM7^%_Z@;W7BJP$VJGT(;]$CEA$SV+%V?P:
QMT::H3/W))/&96KD(`

M


M#ZZW



YS*W1SKD=%X4</MG
M'VO51_XT0_)!OO[]9OVKL^=Z<R*
=8'$#=S67@BY*YMSS-+M^MY
N
JRPO?


U)W1#&@4@+=D5Z266P1K_#G4H[SYJ7L+^8
MG%5:5WK4AXT3\65[9?^K_8-IWTS]*V4=VC+B
!?+!2UH6QFFKE0_PV3AG?:T

L-.L\U%I0[%8MJ8$BFGD4(,Z+H8'1T'6W0W/;ND^4&%
M4L4T3)C*4]^*BFA$!IUI@3HES.3=F3NJ.;49UF24\[PBM5S.KN?E5/:4TK1



;3_?.Z,C%B5=+[M[YT<GS-A[.S#5Z2C6B;U8C.@-K`@/667SP\'+U
MZM1S-EU!*7H<B*$4I1:9WS'MRJ28G[TD10'H5IM`\:3P(2'<$JXNR=\&G]`








$V?




/6UF77@WM053B@GCDTV



M#]'9(QQ`@=O^0T^$A^Y]*6/!_2)R'[T?]I9OEUR^NV[[F:?U?JH]RUZG2`+7


%)#Y]$Y3%:CS#=*]0&1*=Q)HM024@*-W\W0EQ;N5.3Z.@GKU






M:^[X3

M\.+FP_+C2G+9P77^F^YLNE_\W*V]




@I8\R8&#



MKMD&3NEVZ'F


@6U^8D6ZYN6
MP^`=6`K66@_MP;6*8!NG+*90S@KNEBODGS`8U)GFXYD@`H%&.6P^&YS
@:8$

.+;?0V=.

M:=+HI=2%X?7D345YW;A`Q7QL!1
2E@!5^IUN(1Q3*6';1?1Z5
P7`^#F[`Q0
NHMYHIZ,DGYNWCL]

MY6W,.K8B%N.%C9CV!$L?YL^W(]7DGEO

NW

M6[\1B?U#+&*BX3^[D*)O+F2CF!G7BC-0.6?UI
I]&PG2FMG\T\MMFYHJH#]
M5W\2`0GJQ[)29B]IW)!\V]+@5R8)^_T\M

M/2&H#.[=+2@+ZMA9KRQEKZA^GO4*H8++BZL]ZK=D=`.&82K`X#H[Q50S'S-#






4M9*AWKJ@PA;MRJ$10##!RRX?U=






.#?:]3;'AF




M=W4..V[F@=D:_%\:#[S3)@[&(4KKPNI9@I;!U(ELVAY[U(X8P,YK

F


M]W&BD
DU&G
SF:.X#;KO=J4!YD=JK%

ME?`3#5/AI
1&T20YP389!@@/Z^K?3!\5T4T4T4TQYZXBJKC-6M`15GD8WU#;


@VP





/BPY)0
MQH:'\NI5HA\3WL%;&C\243[Q[JOU0'


M^1?+\/QE





'#`.V!YH_B[-[ZO9\/04(OV?/'1]U(/K(`Y

M^]L'^1EHSLI]*X


M^B4:C7A!X.\SY17C
U5;@95D4*C7IH`4WZ'B9%G?4QQ7?3M]PJQY!U[Z)_G3
MR


M


ULXV`;RUW\5=

M5UFCP5.G32P_?\H)W\LC'HG\N9$KS9[7+[OJ%&E=7Q:/3W?5U*[/N+!UWG/;
;129*$!#:WDC`!AM&4



KOC_C

ML3F(UI505\/(7+ARIU*X2X\Q0;-RV'ZV0*WFB7[JE39OY6#$=9Y]H$IZ_SZ^

U


-0[KM#SPI!






+5NH^S5


;






MU&-_205

M




0TF)&+Z
QKA`YF8ITA)P+
M85)W)D_(9?
(:?!C%S

TKQ8Z708$8M9=00@M31))NPKW@(D0&DNZT)FI`%6=GSXS

#_X.(





L)MPF*LC*11

MMQ@D%ZELI/\))([IFP^EQ]1_FKKIUVCF`A%W`8NQ.4PBXN$VB1B&ZPLE.$O[
M)6H_*2[7?HM!8F&D0E(\RPSC6(R2%$
)
G_XI


M#!)

MB7G


MT8%K(U23XS@:8
0;I@K1;'/\\\?Z:8*1L;0I:*T:GN
3-_AY\?'#O%-Z9RK.







$%``&``@`


*D:?_[G6$(




=P`
MO[QDE;Q[*Y(I[HJX?KI67Q-15.#BF.59\]HZM:TB6?\XEZ*.CSG,^X7-X^3N
MNWT8N^RI!92G)H9N'


,W1I6\E5-J+XCT2L<T5.O,[)'.B[]][,6R[8(OC8
MBT-$[02CN(EWFUK<+%@U\$U9Q;@&V1H\X\Q\B`]Q]'/]OZG'-')`WK9VBO;

@Z/VWT=F3

V4$2J



1\:U&^4BA\BD6G0_+


6V-P3#



M6(M6V).'8B39]&G3*4W7+=1]3





4@:9`V0`
4


M\)1N


M'$579PHNNY


&W710D98-FMCA\W]I.W8EYL.]MU7Z`?
M);]*\MZ29W']K2N+/\J&0[7!)W3@(


N6B`@'P:M4E'@VH2/;6_[^6A3IO


!(P)('1


24]/FP(


1;/'$YWG%]?1@H#TI2-.1



7.-HF%E@GY^?A9X*9A:CZ;+S-(A6=1QA%&/J


M%S5_=LS_(CBL%NZP`?A5#W_RX6?9]C\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````
M(0#8;MJO%`
``(

MVXZ;
!1\K]1_0'X/UW!)%++:!&V[4BM552_/#IA@+6!D.YO=O^\Q3BB&[38O

MDRK`@;$G!7TLU!0L=F:K'_H?.-604I\JN5W=OY,Z+&24.T0#E?Z^(U(R*'
M0('&]D/%E+
:!
OU5U
R`0_-+_GVDAJQ0%D1W&;N`!W#H0(1^HHD16?A*2





MOF
7TP7MR_




_Y

MJ6!-MC'/-=D`)+X%1(F'(%%L)6`D$\V!PF@
8@1C$.C7?B+7]8L:9`'9[6(D

Y1XB!%;^:^-I


AN':/I0()T3&($8Y+9+21*/'R+


J&N=27*F=SJ?
M

1NGTYC]N))BLZ\[)VD1V...8+VN(=^8[YCC;J4@!NW[@

M`P!02P
/:
0:L

OP(@U5.:\*3/\
M^]?CS0(C;4B3DUHV+


M@.#




Q?90WNQ?@]CN)M:?G\#QF!+2O:=J)(W&M6L
M`,O`FT,?E1ND[L+(MIM&.VE@`G8_*WC?,?@+!QZ(RG-Z<(.B/X-NOD'``#_
M_P


V%(;O*_4_(.X3



AW9.#I;G14IC
MEKY6M!8R24O+1``_OQ4-5]FJ=$ZZ*FE?7IM%RJH&4ER*LA`?75+7J=+#EVO-
E^<G]



M.!')^=BRNP/K&&;-FP1W!3E`0JSMCKVX]I47'
9QS4#04UAP7R=O:/WANT
M


M

M'R%#L4E&[+TA)9L.:@W/%FM51?+^V-U8QA@NT?`4&R!V5M2M8=6.`3FTO=
M'@JF!0PN?!!KGO+SU8YBB\NRBE!*]%5&[+VJ)`.;%C#8]H^PH=ABLXH22HG!

MB?1SW3V(;1^]!O'R\V)!@L4*UF2.#Y0%F9#*A-J^&(8#NTF*QCR?5-JX06K9
M6$BDQNCS!%!IQE)J$1

MYE(
;'
A4J-7


MJE$30'3M^8#2XPU`RT=HCT'I+-



MF(`S1O?S!F=

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````


M?09+;]8?/ZP.VCS8&L`1)+0VI[5SW9(Q*VI0W$:Z@Q972FT4=S@T%;.=`5[T


M

WC28)RL@/K[J5'4B+VUFGU)XB2
M(RI`TB-DBNZ/ZVF47F=)-OL_A05'?8!;[OAZ9?2!8-'@F;;CO@23)9*'R(*/
M


M[V@:4_'2].O7

M_P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#K`4RSY0(``+


U+GAM;)1576^;






\M5F:!%[$9+
M;^$#W#E0J1Z8ID1.=I**U[\MR+]069+@0A*^LMYX`:WD1_%_V;!5I%),6*


M#B'X[
M$1TT363R
NTLYF)YL/2G/6[/0U.2J=O7SZQN.R3M#*FI.-(]K2KI9/RD!V``




RYX;6RL



MT3[?BWUS6NG.;#*=FXX%X=HSJ9NH8)*ZEK_6#2W_XD%6)\5%[$X$GIV(/;][
M

9IT(/#L1;S*WS(7S@`9LB78B\/SQB2PZ$7@^

M




VRZRC=ERXK5-*7^%HYB0DYG%VP33

-R1O6]4CFW#`!^E7A0ALNV]`A









`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!KQO37Z@H`


1H;`6VV[3_?C9%;O&R-(X=]*5N/FTN

AX/C:;U_
M7+\V^_IN^*L^#O^\__O?;M^;P[?C2UV?!J2P/]X-7TZGM^5H=-R\U+OU\:9Y

M?-_5^Y


T?!:+&(VB=M'?@GX?!8_VT_OYZ^E?SGM7;YY
M;LA1DKGQ)T)IT[Q2!^C?P6XK4H


%`-Z5




9`$2`HD

1-O^2&(F
M$I`(2`PD`9(R8#D0`H@)9#*))89HOJ]PHTVW+9#(3M?%F,G7W14ES(8D0)
MHA11ABA'5`J$546LLT25:0Y[,ZGCM@?.+FCD)D\B)$

M*A%5%K+-$C7D%6;)DI/T^`(?/%6%&I4/H@A1CA!E+*$.6(D0EHLIMC.B




M5M+B*:.SXIDM[H=ST
Y9J-6V71




!9NY(Y(?&6%)(S'8_[GLG&]!)E;2ADRDT


7%3(URAFI(NQ!!NFBUTN9$QFLIUA;Y=.Y`


MSC^(9W1RH\MC984H0A0C2AEB#)$.:(48FHLI#M&-T-R[$/G!'ASIHGD?
(

6EM5@-


MXQ1W3#X7FWGS!5QD@EIIUTYK91V36A._YYECCEI%UTYKE1V36L%B@MOZRM*R








34N



J0M]R/`%A4=@ZQ^D\FBWB-`$XVG)C'X6C


MQ9!.4%4X==7U8%[]:&LAX@_R&-7\Y#7E7$:+R,(7S;H]H42ATC0NOCVO)M%
MJ'I9RH%#J4/$WXQ&S=21Z?^:C=N7RAQB(1NEN?=P
49JUYVX\AU%RZB:!

M36

+

AG^P^M_````__\#`%!+


M970Q-BYX;6RLG=MRVTB2AN\W8M]!H7M)!

?_Y

97#[?WC^=.X?KI/1K[+U_N[W;I_N[/A]WCBQ-Y
MVGV_?3'Q/W^[__'


LZO9E5'Z].'S


MR'ZPZ\__I+OG.Y-1(W


IZ.HM'8?O8C
6UCF):B57YS<I\/#<U9GK%LVF#/S\E4?3A
MZJ=I77=D<X,VL6\Q9PO;IZQLJD&F0:Y!H4&I0:5!K4&C0:O!0H.E!BL-UAIL
M--CVP)49GL,8F4GTGQ@C*V/'B+-[PZ`W:&I`V()=4@TR#7(-@U*#2H-:@T:
M#5H-%AHL-5AIL-9@H\&V![P!

M4B`9D!Q(`:0$4@&I@31`6B`+($L@*R!K(!L@VS[QAL+T^A.&PEJ;3F?&]4B?






M*S82]9K14?6&K4A]D$Q-ZKVEHTZ=7]LC+HW-K_4B*KHH:

D<B7Z%BQE;QCS4@<&W1LV:IS]#-C]R0G
M9
9M8;S


MJA3A*D-64ABI/96VU2F%D3%R5])X$
+X)4=A`H4*@F-S/7@L$

1=WIW6R%U'XVFHJNGM1*A`H9*1$QH&9GJ%


6V]G[[IU^)^%W`4)^XXW5



YHI10-)!%4A9@.;H6
M`;

OTN]<97?V6YTQ?W1\9N[TX8&=H-
M2H9O[%+65JY=T?(S5K%^QFK.5C(+4T;]6B8M=R/@8I0$3HAS]A.I@I%(E8Q(

M/W`AY


M&8E0XPM-4:=EIT['+V6[#_RU/+L=I)=GA[RJ3F)UH#&/R4KJ)V4D]9
QHOJ)


N;;/B)J:





#/C*GZ-
(5:O/'LF!BQ3H4PM
M5J\\?B8&+--Z

M]([TC7K%;6CBD#VB[XV*?@2%K?HK]X
C%V?&5G2[?F8WZOZS+#F;B%#!2+8`
M)2

1*ED

M6%)&4BP9(:[?(4[%G+U$J&`D0J4OE1VG/PN4[&7-6
1*CQA4;=

SFZB


M!2.1*I749!#8]E7L)U(U(Y%JM-0DQF%OV2]0PGHG]DN'
O8KX3KSAWU6_YJE

M=9^V3[


^1U6


MC0G7WAS5T+F6SPVF8DZ$G9PX]:'4!7;'4TQ)JL.
1D'%C:-PE6@)O1+B
M@CV.AKADJZ

*,IX=G&B)#)=6\H]'D\6TG%IXSD_8C1*=*DU#[H7<3G8*=


1V0E=9\R


!!8V+;*!6$3*.R\_LB4#+!&*'E'*QXC&I6
M=E/\8CC*=Y@0V[441OBHLV



_1@)9B)47C



BM21MZJ&(X(V8I^5U#XJ_EL).H%(;-KL*64



M488H1U0@*A%5B&I$#:(6T0+1$M$*T1K1!M'60_X8F=X!8Q2/+LU$./%O[XRM
MDAHFA\R8R


`P?7]FD!]#%/
M!US;6_OXBKF5?VWOP^
KYH]J_A;

MPK20&9'@@(S






(&R;
ML3D\4P/HW]Y^IU*#%%G_T?Y\V]V?GV[[T600SB?!9$KVO2_;TSG;J9C]WN;;




MSG]RRX7QI)_&



MVXQG%]EB(`F0%$@&)`=2`F!5$!J((U+A#RTOETAC[*F&4M:OS/?M-&8UB/'
M:)%C]&ET0D@+)@.1`B`ED`I(#:1QB9

GK
MPN^KL;(B):K&H82(=%^#P320/JDQD)''WLXBLV'L_3L4<.\O%5%VQ4*Z#I/


M1`6B$E&%J$;43%4M7/%6FDBR611F[]9-((4$)S1JGL%$

G&*:T3


CD/C:/
E
6@2:H6CN?=42=$G
X@R
MAK
GEV'^6`.TQ_N75HGCE/AW6JT:H25%)A2[&\06$7QZC.-U)/R\E)9EX6
MQ:&QLEF4


1E-PKG7]89-VCO)


E)H!!)


ATJ=G9L1]B*_+0V;M#V7PZ.V:C`\$WO@



J$)6(*D0UHD8@

H0Y8@*

.6

MZW2%(JVYG$


+#=Y#*)Z
H5/.3C:?H,FZM4B.KO`$Z-2Q)')XU?.OR84%M1C@X10<V]V
MQ-;J,LL8N3FE8RW,+)LO%O[V/T.OW*`%.5^&M<B=J2_ZK;J30:!-PHEFW2D
MF5]*^^I];

_QA+;('I5FX6)$26(4D09HAQ1@:A$5&J$34R7SK*K%G[0G6





F5VM9H.SJ_5[F1Z

M9&]A/_O2:STPD'VI1%\KNEU%:P%H`$CJ)


;UG!HMS&M
$_\8`8
UEJK
1'8511*3GB&\3FE`R#$B
M`9:_

ME1C

O
%S/&]?46[(NV7J+@]$OUM3!HK2W9Y]
MWBTN\K;:FMYOD!S/VU_[%$#CLYTR0[


9U;
2KE1[2(U#3.AM[?IQF'[?7A_='=FA[EK9]JGW/J)%I*81GJGG



M6]RW4F)U-3UOD)L9C$QJWTINR*%;I;&-NMO8YSUDTV2631WM]]NW$4)C4YWJ
M-`M/=2%4'-9-?CYE9@DU0A5J`BAL1)@F#$5X2#T;!VR:3++IH[F1T&J*&!
M6=\Z

M-RX?A&BF0I.J6F$9^II\H,5$,Q'5Y*`?`"R:JB(OB=$F6*LI17+CH!I^T



?
^GT[R4@N;8&:#\

&FKXC@.UI#0$O4F_DZ\/`HI82Q

T\F#YW

MWL.'!R;/++-F`;


M0@CF0YD7\IE0Q1E,B67?(U,7U9-([R(65;-I56ED1#!3'TH@
GOE\1B-!
M*QAR:C[+J8[VEA/Q+1)4
%5H







MU`C0_.&#783G/TNJ94BJOI

M=BVMLLCJ^


^!L1;YOGW3\VI^?]\;QXW3V96Z#HVEY(G^!/
M8

E._
KC-&U@9^:YM+^8'JWZO[XR?W_`0``

M='

BYX;6RLF5V/HS84AN\K]3\@[C=\!A*4I)J$;[5256W;:X:0

=-5

<KS43?9ZAG%_,^PLY]K]+TB^*O.F;NM#-P,YC=XH'O-26VJ@
MM%GM2Q@!L5UIBL-:?3&\U%BHVF;5&_1767RVDY^5]E1_1DVY_[6\%.`V/?R

M4E7R][:KJ[]ID


MC`(_[\P'&F3#JC$)6H@&[8:@H1001`)$8D0B1%)$$FG1+`#%N4G[#1O1U\



JVE@:12'M1+B5:15FPZ$^]7FT$[-]AG


MKKLWK&(C[*5$JTBS-K6*=NY/+EJD19$F+$-2L9ERL=%$H=@0KC6^(!CEB%

N




MLK.YQX^`:'LM%!Y%XMN/.Q=7Z9TQ1/%5U


AD-==_P7N+`V


MI;0_(#:U1=C+EI

7R_=G_5;0LK3N8/A=B`CFIA_
M^!Z0M@!'068V9]THZ@MT`/YJ54E+`QS)O['/M_+0G3?ZW)MYCF
O/1=DGDG;

/_L]&'`:
J3U1FHT/'8%Q;*-FOV[GCKHVO4&9%'[.[
M$R-'[$4$K0





M

M]T'SP:D`D;`GL$*/0I8RDZ(^R&;FV;9EPC_Y63%23CZBG$K*SL*CTK)R-E66
M/*0'J@=

M)P*-0JE`7






7O
M=]_NGO][

MSMJ&\GN^.KLZ4TX?WGVZ4^]`?^PGC_O/[T]_&UTWLXO3LP_O#A]0=;?_^ZGS



M&:O69&Q


M[?AR-IK][`7G1JG^0GE40R^

MZB^41S5TI#*O302=@B83COE

M*GW_/S)!V^A



M%9$U$8^(3R0@$A*)B




9&$2$ID0R0CDA/9$BF(

2$YD2Z0@4A+9$:F(U$2:+K$20EW6PDQ/.IU
MM-WO+5']CBY=$%D261%9$_&(^$0(B&1B$A
)&2$MD0R8CD1+9$B(ED1V1

0D81
MHYA1PBAEM&&4

ZLX(
MC):


D8YHRVC@E'):

M&G5[_U?GB;;XI

M*&:4
$H9;1AEC')&6T8%HY+1CE'%J&;46

[*20C5&IH06S=4+=.:2D3V7K(Q014&X9N0Q\AD%C$)&







M
DCMC$#4&E$B](!$Z+
P0)0(0R`11BR
$27!$B$*0LWB!)A!B3G(5;1(FP

MFRN#)E*W7-*A!Z0'T6!H@280@DPHB%
:)$F`),&7A!E$BS(!$F+-PBR@1
M%D`B+%FX0Y0(*R`1UBQL$'40V@GQNN*SWF_O)D2+=,YUSC3.GQAA*HA&/M+
M(


M77=^Q;FI+5-W5^SZ



M0*W/&\[SF'T2B
0G!6I]1NRS89\

MS+OK2SIZ:QE$XI




M:\C$R0





D@Q8($K0TB![V^W
F7-7$H5L6C/R&/F

M

MK

($F$!)

(9!X14=Y

MPH.7G8_N38.?3%!\=T!7]W_^1`B9@M@60HK0PR:[2+RTN^W[B&3)P\(''R


MF
?+AGTRB
0G!\)'U+

=.U60B5




M:GTN#P_?N_4




*8A0FB1)@B7##P@Q1(LR!1+AE88$H$99`
M(MRQL$*4&L@$3:6T.Y]M\K_:U

#=JS883F
MT8#Y?-97A65WSZ!A=]]V'TVG/-`#-@^/

MWK!W=I1W;GO/U7.Q_+%LV;TXRKVTW2?SR26[[]B].LJ]=MQ'AQYUUA&-Y6X/


MHYS1EE'!J&2T8U0QJADU%K*S0A?MNSMXVJQX]:^/JI48I46+U._*=&;!F;NY
MPP@[OSZS9+1BM&;D
?(9!8Q1A&CF%'*&6T890QRAEM&16
2D8[1A6CFE%C
M(3M3=



3I7KW^HSKF*T4@=.12=Z



E*YTUX3.\-(??'^M?ZF?6ZUIX[HK]+G(^JK\Z_U=^7S$?7=^-?ZR_#Y





`4$L#
M!!0`!@`(````(0#I


$J8&0[3?OO
M=XT3BB'-VKTD8(X/YYQK^[*\?:HKZY%P05FSLI'CV19I
I;39K^R?_V\OYG;


VPX&_A8$5!




M:J(^[
!^M._O=[XZ*D;C&^C[79=T^P?0=UN\)]\PW]-&6!4I@-)S8MA?7'=N

`4$L#!!0`




\AP:._GSUUWO%TN









0Q+

BQHU:Z)'#P-521F)ZM;3MP-4:S)FV!TR3AA'/

M(-)&L%YE(2R][]^$U#;;6:


LX.4Z*H`+9[
M:$[ALBC7
KTLVN/@LI`)[3JCC&%KY*=)8FVP^_'.#6?HB8(@@B#21K`N94VF
MZ])&QM9%3!;3'#V@'+;(J*AF6;8
D9'E(L6$/


N3O=BDQ5X9TUCGR
MH


M+YP
:[W*7/$IYLJ01E?4S'QID$=9NX0TI%=18$Y/H.UGZRZXNTRWLP5B-C
M@
MRE;GB4\R5(0VCFQGD7`O&8R]U+%E.H@J()(&\&ZE*F9;*ZXMD#OFBO#
MT2*8S\9V#88S2


'8PTG$8?056(X)#)X2



M
Y_T#PKTAZXY]J^!'YL.?@C0__D
/_RHX.V&MP#RMFFZ\P=8-Y=O/R5Y^!\`
M`/__`P!02P


F3@O\?)NGE:OF[[


@4

:.X[DX.%`UGG52DBNQ(A
@D+OP8(R241O*0:*1BY&5U#PHJ3

XNP:52`T#+D6`-BEI8`00)&E
83L!*&!#2K'V%!KH!BC040


MVU`-)%KC`11M

X5CH$L$0(26L5WA8XHRAVPA%:-L

OEC.4H'-VI'P



M6$;`D*!S(2A5X&&.JL;S&-\BW*1=BOBP8KM;^_D3DUHOQU=%Y%9SN74@

P`@2^2E-5A%-3KDF.Y!+`(W1




Z[-&G4U
%IMO;;W7.PUD%US?&ZJ9KOM)JOV

M:&5E='


ISDM_;9D#2.,R*I:'%@6.IK.%19L8?%-M)WMI`









:7@)E[W289Z%A54=9`DS25F80_ZU
MAM\.AXL;1^!GJ90]+D8]#^R]5\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!TFIUI
&ULK)U;<]M(DH7?
M-V+_@T+O+0F\4V%[PB)0]XW8V)C=?5;+M*UH272([/;TOY\L5!6JL@Z&$CD]







MDH#4O'LZ+O_XUR;#]=_T*'T$&/N,&;(S8IPA\WOFQ;@ZX&H@:R!JH&N@:F
M!K8&K@#7)-R@'@GV5ZCGRWCUTON^2R#+.:VD2A$II:U!5P-1`UD#50-=`U
#
M6P-7`85359,JO$9,_63CZ:YD?53U2UW(6:V'&3;`&F!=$`$$`E$`=%`#!`+
MQ)6$R4-3\@GR^&@Z8DGK(\=;)K1?%@$U7TT!`V-!*0#(H!((`J(!F*`6N





M/@+2`1%`)!`%1`
Q0P05Q(F'1T@3+KCIS$?S?4)I.PC(V0#H@`(H$H(!J(
M`6*!N)(P
;SK96IX]WA6(_65N%(15:VTJ%HI1PV]A*A#)!!)1`J11F00642T
M

MY?GJ!
ML*-

M8BFWKCMLB




1L_I8\LZ-1_


O+%JNOS4^&J-QB@#J
H045$'2*!2)2B#0B@\@B<@QQ%4\S_U
T_Q&5
MS@Q1BZA#)!!)1`J11F00642.(:[

M0R00240*D49D$%E$CB&NC/?9I:4XV_U/@V

M_VEP[$PL
/&;&%5T78NH0R00240*D49D$%E$CB&FS&S
ZI_78GTI[O8CXN?)

M-*#R)R#'%E:K=__.;H:./B)\,U_7E_!R5VR@Z^OX&J_Z3WPZC!*)2'2
MB`PBB\@QQ,4ZS='/T-%'Q-H('3U&=8@$(HE((=*(#*+R#'$E?GK'/T
'7U$
M58O5U_-S5&ZQZ.C+%@
D
%$B4H@T(H/((G(



YJ[=V.1='#U\
-4GP[3W.'_EI[M=\3


M(G(


RBPBQQ`7RSN@
M]T]S
;$(JI#)!!)1`J11F00642.(:Y
;;[._T!WCL8LHJK%
M:H^1HW*+@7WK


M`CLIBA5IL7@
D
%$B4H@T(H/((G(


M5BU--CDJM5.+J$
D$$E$I%&9!!91(XAKN-I%G^!%C\BUF$AJD`M1G6(!*)

M$%E$CB$NUFD6?X$6/Z+B/6\0M8@Z1`*11*00:40&D47D&.+*C%G\9G[EOZWJ




M(C=:^-?JVLXF166SVB:45PM=1/3X3]ITD:)RHDPH)RI


6QB(BU=U-=$MRDJ-QL;43T%$CJY2XAWR)_
M?/IEN9JMX#T*+537BZE$HJEILUB`:4TEC(I+Y>R


PM




KZ[M)4;E_


MB.C9AR2?2%$Y42:4$Q4FZA25$TU.=%BHDM1?2+7RJ\JRL;JO0_MS!-FP+`P
M*5=RX#\8PW#BJ8^@6YB$/..


M



KR7955BDJ5EU5EC95-RCFZ


MA

M*BYARFL.M4/=I*L:)M0-@Q=1*5%25$Y42:4$Q4FZA25$TU.=%BHDM1?2+7

H\#*



M&9


M%*-R"RB!Q#3)DU'?LG*-.'\V,O(GYO75-=QMSDJ*&-$'6(!*)2'2B`PB
MB\@QQ,6JUWW'VVB-B[J(RC9U+J$`E$$I%I!$91!:18X@K
[:B.NN'0=:X
MJ(JHZK!JN;[)4;G#0BU*3*C#*(%((E*(-*#R)R#'$=3UMGK7&=%1'KL!!5

MQQ!7QKO34AGOJ
[[0I1U-+K%XB$B.M**Q?:D7J7GJ-QBT6-GN3N
$H@D(H5(

F/^M]#[^_#JL?6$LOKS%(Q,::3_L@D8F=%(_S9@
M9$XC_5,*,+*@D?[3<!A9TDC_J4@]LJ#7H:<M1M[KBG+HVLC8.E#J_VQ$=*'
M5KLC(VN2AY9V8R/T(_*TM!D9F=/KT$.18R/T.O28W\C(@EZ''G



M]#3RV`CM'WJ^=F1D1MM&UYC'1FC;Z$/'L1':-OJ48FR$MHT^F1@;H6VC)V'&




?0H()%'
M-6Y(8_H5U)%7;DAC^A50'*$'W&[],VPX0L^LW?K'TG$'D.[]4^:X<CGYO;S

M=?_Z[?%E?_&T_4J^X*;_
/+U\9MW=N$?A_@DQ*^[PV'W3([M\N+[]O[+EF[#
MO_'WGGS=[0[I'[1!US]WK[_MOV^WAT__%````/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A


WZIT20[1X7KOR&^B



I;Z:?84)F+&8+8Z1(G8\@LPV(NO*

MV
L8`99SW5KO$?7-&)D.@3)::XR%O2
M..J#N)DN(GM$/$1\1`)$0D0B1&)$DC$1K(-20[#N_M0CT:(_E$C^V)(_?5#O


T

/)SHXZ@`



B;YKLN\L
M:AA;+CD!A05I.=Y1ZGC-9XDJF]







M.B&E
6U

X0^9QBQ?1L]5.W

7.O^L-E4X4^
MF\R+ML9CD5?;\_$3R5
MZB/G9G`PC_J^VZTYG
FK=G#A5*./3.WXE^W`V1G+OF\'P5
I&QGUGIU8]D37
M7!7\$Z\J[:3R@-
H@#
Z1(=!N0VP=_^-S^)M=[SH\`$&6
L*_HVI0C3:J7@.

O




\QPAR-=%W3*))PNR`^O8?/@
?#L
7&/

EPBDH-J1N';U4PO1=_7<N!++1\9M
B?;#_XDNN2?^%U;1!3


$%``&


S`N









M@H2E(*,@IR@H(5!6L*2@LX4@5$JN[ENM)6,/9-53
!F[$BR5S3AL98L8
MB1E)&$D9R1C)&2D863&R9J2TB2

AJ[-R41
M

2
)
M(RDC&2




U









MB$+U.T(8A&16$K0P3BDB9REA6YBV\N#4(Q9O6'1')':.@4SL@GC-!F3&5]QG
MC4@E


M=)KS'7G%9^?5Q94U2$,[_6%Q!TLZ6(K

3!
MU)*(K
2.BAX-C!4.*D9DMI!$H[G:=H)Y
M
#0+2X=B']0B75$5O5L901
MX#F]HQ)]\2/25M!0&954+.CN$5HI3N<P*-/85*T
$X9(A
ZUPC2EHK
!F.F




M@K'TX3$


V







&DJ(C)1.#*19R)9^@S



MHVDRI.(_92*D(%%Y(3(+=:8JD&0M3)\O2]N;SK4OD/(YBUGA&%.
6/
(DM]$
M-I#!1@:A#(9;&40RR1P4X&Z0AH8-S@'ACV?[A'9(A[O-\K#FYV6I)5/((W
M62PD4$H@T@&6QG$,DADL)-!.@*5=8=JVR8W_=7.)Y7I!6L9:.\LF:2%2L:
_H

M_!)7BS6+
D=IS9!U0QN.:!JYNNT@MT*L%/%F-Z4M1U3)AKTP4HJQ4L*;W91V

A2B[X;L.XNZY5;`&L[@


MSZV2U^_D_`DDEO
!#X=C+WTN2'Q%#LV(L
Q-'[:)=[CEP\8(\Q?;?Z&';[*0


_^J-C`_M:=W!LUX_Q8YIRC!

$%``&``@````A`
$1D7-L#```
`F=G][U=R2[;4\A+([LMFYX<D

MUF_%/K]O_YX?V[\\_/
?=S^+P[?C:YZ?6F!A?[QOOYY.[Z-.Y[AYS7?KXTWQ
MGN_AD^?BL%N?X)^'E\[Q_9OGTJEW5LG[';[G=UZNV\[Z/#)3:*Y^?M)D^*

MIRW
[VX/QP`._/$/FGWUJSFN\9Q0$IPM]JJ''8&PQ+1YU1A)56CA7^\A.#


R
M0Z:&S`R9&[(P9&G(2A+E
EAO5[@
I4N7\43'CL3#.G\

F1HR
V1N
MR


MLS1D);64


O(XC
M)2&

3R\Q/5.FHW`8P7'


@ZAG3*VE:
M!0FJO`E2V

MB`*





#=^R`1W&A&!/2IX/`.T)
:BE6


!1-<%M4IT<4E&/'!N[RT?NVD!5!`B!!X7/




.
K\THI<*
M(5VP_%M8%JH=D1"@G5NG?`#NZZI@8N[AAL095V%WJAOV'2M!W7@Q^7=M$/



MAJXJ#QJNB3-^7D




MS'/IMTN)Z!*26R6A
MGBQ5H0FELJ4G8I_

M$
I\T%/&AL-?LO+[WPNSEUJ9.N'&


M\QKBB-V*'\?K2F_

M4_?O:9W@%2^S8O^L=8+7

583BT/\B*5J[R:,I&)H-EZ2&G;+/2D:
M#!JN@=B2+=B]IH;JNH)=FOF[!JL@2[87C



M3_KZ?@KN4
DG^=O;L;4ION
OMZ`Q?KBKL/M9&;P@
M

?SDKKQN



EQ'@P!YM(QYPLI-A/[\?KR9(T\J4B8DYR6-T!N5Z';U^=-RQ\6SSA5

C]81!
_8*P$EF&

QA.-%/




MC76'N;P

]'VTJWLZ4=O0HJ-O0+S7/IQ7RKYT8

U-SMYEI[X9FAFC^




3\U`UN9W4-7IO7K^?24


M






M.HP\_+'$R)Q@C@]5.B2E;*-!W#P[)P)`3BL$@IB)H1J)J/&\%#U(A'DD-B




MU):8+U*;`*:I30?IC8V*L7#C=26;4W3/DEMB1F;Y.';@.#&N;
L!^0?1SD
MU/T;J2UG-CG2E+P^\`TOBL;(Q!GG



MX0-^P3C^K_\'``#__P



MQWTX]F]'/V@-K8W


*U`69W(7%XH75YH+:`<!55
M*7!50&NFOV1R7BDM*HXBKQQ7++1,.&W=MP02`TF`I$`R(#F0`D@)I`)2VT2X
MB6JR<--Y]RAI6KGD\S/K3@N%5!0MH=#)IU:H32@@9`42`8D!U(`*8%40&J;


M4H:DGS1Q\FCBY%$KQ
Z


HU#1Q-BQ4`T7.<M)HYJ91*\6*<:?(*$&4(LH0


MGN^-92E
6$K%C++

MI8SUF1=$8+T6UF7$5

N!-^A8&6]9[ZSUBJ6
=3_JL5ZS4.
9$3&_[ZAEKY7?]F]_UL%8VV]C1FZ_
O0RRYKQ$%-*$*6(
M

.KTN6

MWX3G_8\'TZ%)3E%M1?;^?9.*/36;2^G4
1H/L4&@D0F&0'0I;48Y3;:OV
M.#\6K
Y=P-;A(SL6$1N?6


48ZH0%0BJA#5`DF/J;W=SI1W
M



M)O]=S75AML.E2GU?0

MSD

/HNX\U


[Y


J$)6(*D2U0-)9U[5Y$;9Y
M!HDTPC8/I1)$*:(

YP9/JI+C8+@YR@PKZA

7M;T-&9D-AO4?H;ZF_A*^_M+S;

MR5K?%7I-G:PU5T;M).GW*-Y63YM_K@Y/V]?CX&7S2








M6

YQTG3-7)%5DH4BF2*Y(H4BI2*5(K4BCR%*1E2)K




MIN_EM`]M'-_1/L;:;1]+8MH`]=IG[+4/&\72/@&W.!JX;@MK-+ELTS$:Q)=T


2/FSR_3L?IDF1+)E4CAB)S%




MT9);V6E3CF0.)8:

M&F7.JTRR23^G0-+/T:)W2)%D\`,"\1RH%$J'%DO%(#?@27B)4`8E0[0J=

M2S*L`+)XR30N$JG@I/HU$!6YVQ.MZTW
`DD+EFB]]OVP\MYN9$T^1E/Z$9

M)JW&T7+G#%



MWO^BE'SUP@I7'Q+]5:O\^;2=-9T
H6
!_98Q77'#):PW7\YIE=IA)9T[''L[


MW
XT94L_?XZO/F:-\88VH_[AJ4:I1@N-
HURC0J-2HTJC6J-&HV6&JTT6FNT

)Q
M(#N$18!EVC4/F!4!5FK7*F!6!UCCN+KM8XJ-?A:^

=@YW4






WZH5HW



M`OEKBI5W3-FVMG&F;$9N_GJ'R/.$K2194B!)E@4CY.]0#\4
7B*4`XE0X0HE




ZD





=8'&R
ML+XOFL)(L2ADY^P$K/Z+^[=8_M6'/M%:NM0I&Q[5*K55IK1J(


-
MQI65-


VYJVT=.%PXIUV7+&5:8VNHY.AOV(%<9/JM%HTRC7*-
MHU*C2J-:HT:CI48KC=8:;32ZUFCK(&=<FZ\]../ZE1XSYEXR6$3=@X:?MZ)T
MN[@5*.%1IE&N4:%1J5&E4:U1HU&2XU6&JTUVFATK='606Y?.%598



MGS#URLA6O*^+HD'HP`=2HIXSHMO(36
F7LE?P
.-VCMB+6%U-
2*K1!B
@XL
MWC6D)
2&T8$0E_`X&N(*5D=#7+










M35`G








8]`;U[V.'C:^64&QTS3/@0Z^8+YF%
M7J'8[&5Z3XVNL\S
11+M0Q=%9N:*AGZ%KF#


%?5%)*]$WIV9%\!7Z
M

2?:AQYJ
C./+:%7+CHG^NLVOVY^[)8W3S_N'I]/

MR%F\HWC
2VMI@=)F=2Q@!
QVHR:GM?G@!`?'



IW;G@/A

/]/U`)ZBL3-93*?^;#'_


MY#'^O#=EB\@.D0B1&)$](@DB*2*'


@F1216;JVQZ2.8QE

F;(
MS42B02D52.VH/U73_`;=EJJ5:RX&R^S']K('5XBPL$N=\=0(W#M)UY*QN.

9




M:&5E='



3NZ9EOORQ5427RKW4B;^_#9OI7)%4B654LW?SI;W\^/UW\




?=\]_;[C]??[O?/KV3BR^/3X_&OSNCE
MQ?/]3?7M9?]V]^6)SOO/(+J[9]O=/\#\\^/]V_ZP_WJ\(G/7MJ-XSIOKS359






M:


MIJ
V7*1=50\H\[;X/'-$!:(2486H1M0@:@6249M64)@K`FH6=&@D:F9Y'$;M

ZV*
M+
:#.5TGH.R<NKVW
MU8&8AES!,-SS!VNUT4B7LJG&*`
I7)$!:(2486H1M0@:@62CIQ6`@58`SDD



U-XJ\5(^9GUURA#J1Q1@:A$5&J

48ZH0%0BJA#5B!I$K4#2
Z::^C5%7F@+
MLV&1YY!:@M5&
/%2G$\IH@Q1CJA`5*J$-6(&D2M0-*1TXJ\$(L\AT2*89&'
M4AFB'%&!J$14(:H1-8A:@81GYF-%WGF+46=*5GD.J113&]K$2_4IABA#E
J

MHX9E'DKEB`I$):(*48VH0=0*)*



M$E&%J$;4(&H%DIX9JU+/G
_[0I4S)9Z[XE+LVC=J_DB\%NFB#)$.:(48FH



M%WG9SVEEAIG

L7
MVC
6F99^F(8S6+9[*1[RJ;

M;V(O^LK&QR.*_)K;K8NQDS)SSR!J:OU.O!2?08HH0Y0C*A5BI$-:(&42N0

\O=
ER?M3Z:L;'(XI4G1)WQZ.')6745&P3+^6C9LV3(J

MI7)$!:(2486H1M0@:@6249M692VPRG)H)&JZ
#H_:GW--(R:KQO=6+-2*FHJ

MZ=IIU=T2JSM&-)

M6#/RB@TJMBS5*4IGZ7IU)-_HJ:4^X?JBE


HG6^H0

MY4P\B9A<C
MIEIA2GI^;#LPW?/]5H]%2\MDF-%K_PLY/

Z24-


M*M-CY1_[UW^WG`ZG-V-&%2`.#=X
7SHT'!D6T1-A'.O

&+XZMI^[1.7$Z3C'P6)(Q\KJ2
_`R5.32LCUG**Q:
RA&PT5\K:\0L)/



M;%F7-15:KEGGI.6&I=BR?ANR%99EB
SN0Q=



;D.$\]8YG['YEN(-;N2W

RZZP+$




9D#(^/.^86DLJ4RW2#XV&JCI.5GW4ES1I(@R
M1#FB`E&)J$)4(VH0M0))/YJ]Y\?+E[7=JHJYW*+N.IDT;38@$TR[_0K-%OUR
M'$7J\D.\=ELJ*@I[J3!0EP83+^5#TRLRRE`J1U0@*A%5B&I$#:)6(.D_LQ&9

M3K6^*E.$0I







MV=J?JE(M

CG;'SV2X6I#/6-WI)C'3&_+9=


(6^B[
C?F4


M]`&FL1;*:_O8@.KU-J2^T0=A1W2HQ7R&%ENV(?6-GH7%%OJ@*^F
]6T;TIBC

Z'_I2
M_LAQJ
5\GQ];M@&=#ST`@RWT%7S2&3V?@
Z'/IP^ID/G8V_\JK[%`9T/?0E[

Q^=BD

M^Y_U_/PO`0```/__`P!02P

C




M3N0
_/



AP_T?TA(R(
M'M[W&@&%

J+
W!$-8V\'0)*!@:`+A
M;W/
6\[L;2CJ-)JW1M80H:#?
$1A;0]1DRD-L27F$
/VZJJ&=!HM6B-KB*)-
M-ZMA_R8EK.TA:F(

+:'J(FQA!;0D/T
M)T[QCCJ-:


M;@7+K/@Z
@Q%'D


M&T@.V'`Z%EX`9RH9BD?Q:8.[[C12'SB(@]
&K0A%&DWG\G@&.[RSU\5D@.F7



D8



&7-2*4:K4
Z%%W@+CP4P02-23Q'U
MJF=HI=3]8#GG*S%'(U(O$/6JEVBEQSY;A'SR*S22ZM:
P?;:/V-_-F]_54Z-
M6B!E[-

T[IWJ`5942$2'V1(5J46*/`J))H18XI(G+,N&..
M5N18(+'DCM6:-617NYQ2)XTY^)KG:X&S<PH?C+R-;*W7Z=SVJ`5S6^$B%(Q








Q1DAM[OJ)0LW$\(T(CF-$)$Z1=K%
S;

ML5M`-[X^]M#





G9Q.NG'Y(.4




P#DFRX4^Z8

BN[EK*=SMUG
MP]\JN_RL&AD[^L[HC:P=7Z+T=7%NIW;S[#+I5`^I7SI#JU::EUTF7:#3





M='


^C$-U@@'`OX-SR4(#%
F_MM?/\MB\/0[]Z6@R



X:I2OC!?Z#3[MS
MG&QI^6-5G'0O]Y@':1OS8=[DJX=;]3F`0@(/K:\Y*TONDKEBM'-=9?S_K_'

?JV`:/(P_(
\.PF9-;3S38H
6+!
8;6@#D0W$-I#8






,S`8XVBKE+_%N;ROM*0@$-6A-D[F7#TE'8A0JK<
M1`*<H
*QVBE'!

MF0%C[WCL4(T5/!4=(4+JG2X2D*_ZS!BME&

ML=ZQ3RTL0]_).]&JEFO70ZUFY#Y2-:HZ8_\#C7OZU@AE2($4RM_UQ*;+V
M]V*H]?:F*ZUP)4+EB%!$H9A852F44VE)H1Z&]`9GZL?[N!_03[:^-!S2


M7U`9+\O:Q9(E%&BK68FB*PW^)UF@41[@\@4
1

FWKH%EG^0+)@U=H@I.(K%)#K




`
M`/__`P!02P



3-1AX?YKW6#!
M*


MV$T`20CGAA`.)

X:(1N$Q`A)$+)%2(J0
M#&[*2))XH2O!\ZM8:*`CTG]6`IL3
C=UHTMA_*1NO!:$@%A


HVMS0`/9J(0*U



2!#![TL4)E#UIS


F$5]+49./ZM
MVL3LJ?![EST35HS=]SW7N2$JC[`/1Q:5#I&JJ#9TP(]OEW1N4@J90TH^*GO7








W:-\DEJ\7?E9



3JHG_R7-QY75%!'2^BX


P5)=GLQJ\_VWLEO$V3_DM






M?.4T




I#IITS?&8I'4%U59WH
9!D[



0-2



QD/:CB4%F@M:YN.SU&LJ1HCR.



3:`
M1(-(`V:`95!9[T.M6@.B09%0!JT,*A]V%CJ%DQD&:M@



RU
G*@^R)%J8E36!:M1J=%#
MEL;[;`R@4F
(I

@
M-6[9N(.J


A`PN&F84T[R8-
D
M'ZA

MHDON+6NCJ24EL&E2:M!`KN1U3*$I.F=EG+4%:FG5SDJR:]-=\O^UVN0[`7($



M4/UB$4B?29BRT8-*KU5\(#4&;`RA4N

2(US-D90J7$!I

5HP6C**&:T8K1DEC%)&&T89HRVC
MG87L0OF?W!/H\CT!(*V`$:.Q0?9.VH$SYDY4A=*9






W&A%4IHPT;



(C
M(/WX'@.I:F*0M`W&*51J](#4Z+

M%1O74*DQ`5)CRL8-5&K

.JL)HGWWWWL`K9Y]O`L@-)EI\Z]+C`%!I


M:?#*`

FW
MDSI=#@K@TJ`02(-F=I#L..0N





@-28LG$#E1HS(#5NV;B#JC#:9_]M*_L]7MDWR)Z9T2
!4-6'
MH3*K-EA-C$KF5H01J5&#UDZ*?#9&$EQA!(C3
VSJ%28P2DQ@4;EUI,092
MXXJ-:ZC4F`I

KA?0(P%0



D:%LS(8-6L+U-:LG15E%^/;[COT^;Z#0;69V`A(N]_8H/IE(Y!N
M8I^RT8-*KUE\(#4&;`RA4N,,2(US-D90J7$!I,8E&V.HU+@4N.:C0E4:DR!


M#II683G=.RK=M]
[_3YW](##PZ/9W;X6;?A_TDTY_#HJ/%'2[?FD6K_TO.

M`^%VD^


M[


PBD`


)IX)&71
MQ&





.CN3(JTG]$I*^.5(JR)MX&MU
NIK1=)#.ZBX&+9ISHPBS4N=*_C5

\L1EXHO29

@
[%=
MII31UP`?&I%SDH#'$G?V^-;?FC.*]WV)I[K.C-O#C)/I&[G&GJ6O92-[3X






^?]PK2'4B6W*YU%I&7]C3^P+*JZ?\S4(P


S!M;93'W8@6/^Z/B/_$V'
R*]I=<K+6KN0(^1NMANYBK_;X%^:SO<G

$%``&``@`


4'RDZ&

M5S80TPC:Y

MO


IY54


M&UIQ*C30

M$_?#$-=^_)#JNF)$YD2O&!G7B@NF3C1QCRNRY)6.V.+^5)P*#,0&''35-9



!@
M@C'!Z+$1H]7*#W![%!
%$]&&`R;H1P#?L4)P$GF_3Z*ICV)
XN!Q8F(*2;`;

+HF




MY&5'O!45@A672JY#^RC:+H-$!%+NP)G]]9$:^@D&.U#ZI)=E


M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````



M2HY(]^&;'J`DA@8


7+]6N)3:[C/1Z`9
M!/Y-/`%X[_WSS_D7````__\#`%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#9PY]K0P(``*TE

M%``&``@````A`+55

M```A`

M+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(04FLH;Q@4```7```8````````````````

M:&5E=#0V+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#/&AVJ
0
``#`)```9````````


M:&5E='








X+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`FR/+[
0
``!0*

``!\-```9````````````



M+W-H965T

M``@````A`$WW63Q


M:&5E='

&UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`'0S!-*U



M(0#8;MJO%`
``(




W+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#K`4RS
MY0(``+


P'```9````

&ZN[6@P``$%%```9`````````````````'DH
M`0!X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T


)0%``!&%0``&0``````````


M.2YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`DN]+990&``H&@``&0``````````````


M``8`````$`]+IY


P+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`
HN[TO04``#T6


M4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`
$1D7-L#```E3H``!D`````````````````)*8!





M='




M`!0`!@`(````(0![3/^Y

+``!J-@``&0````````````````#F






:+GAM;%!+!08`````2`!(`*$3```S.`(`````
`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Line of Credit Facility
 Expiration Date

  2015


Debt Instrument
 Description of Variable Rate Basis

 which was 1.92%


        
        


        
        


Line of Credit Facility
 Remaining Borrowing Capacity
 5
000
000




        
          

        
          
            

 such as LIBOR or the US Treasury rate and the maturity of the reference rate used
 such as three months or six months LIBOR.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
$ 10
378
000
$ 11
480
000
$ 10
512
000


        
286
000
428
000
(598
000)


        
10
664
000
11
908
000
9
914
000


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
10
282
000
11
682
000
10
380
000


        
176
000
365
000
(528
000)


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
96
000
(202
000)
132
000


        
206
000
63
000
(70
000)


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
$ (96
000)
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0001144204-15-016333-xbrl.zip





'TR?M[PX/C





RXG
)OQ9S<W!Y=
EVE

M$)_-`YV;CZ

VK7H$YIII*.9K0
4ZEHQM1/
M
OB\\ZHEU=?)-/T.<
2




/E-2
&:?Z2!1MI


%S-C^3_.PJ

L+D*84&+;26`B@JH:+%1QL

MCN9X3(DP'DR9%A1)Q2(DR

M

PB

MU]QP);(IE;


MO)%I:I=IIL8&
DT-




#8F


UV]'#?




4`+5@`![12
EHI.K0\]RD(:*1+M%(5:!F
M!Y41C92
1HH-I[XU$89HI$LT4A6HV63[PN.4=5P$HWJ2)I!6+\B

4/
F9DD:;'`H<WVE6L+
M2]BA[CG7&^*




M53=


M?7GI]Z/:3FHT*6Q/EB:_Q8@S48(@VF=^0&W#:QM!EQIMSW&\9^9V#!(89]0:
M-F(5LV!(N@WBVO)#I;YUEFV=_]HJ-JZO+F_KU[0MRHU^N+H].Y=U+#'WV/CE
MZJSUHSR]]-U$[0%Y=.@K]Y\Z_;#TW;%QTKP[.[\KGC:OKQM?[L4]+6$'TO?I

H
MCT?J,TX:I_^XO&O^='M6-_[4COZ\@O/8$+*UKDX;U_'MA%TKS<Z\9=1/0]*

MX
G50M4L%40)RG


/((W.BK3D-
MPJE!+$N^FH/:T7`O8PV8=QX(DY(\9SEUE=@_F&345AXASB1YL5]#FSJ/@D



]5`K'1O_##WI.I$_C/SIB3`G2A0DUG(;7#K
MUX\\;+BWE35Q2O';C$_Z\8X@G/8]+C?3'7'=FU

MF+$/3AS.LZR0R\O\L-T6#B5]I\WI[R%UK4$4)9X\1S0:TA?ZW)-[!D4BRKHP












4RLNVPP
4P
$^LN&TRL;L]XK?LKIM-97G%52;:2ZKE?^^8
F_K+9JLK
MON=E_:(G[M9KA0.CZHJO/D%8`/L-8)=U,[`X!D\@V?P#)[5-#!X!L](I`$V
MP-;%T@`;8
#T6D\-]X(7H/%3]G*JV=HVYQY4WPKIQ+R*OV*(-`
FD$S:`;-
M.3`O:`;-^3$O:`;-^3$O:`;-^3$O:`;-^3%O_@=KTUU\.WKE3QVC]FJ+JVE8
M2W7J26/S@F;0G!_S@F;0G!_S@F;0G!_S@F;0G!_S@F;0G!_S@F;0G!_SYG^H


WS]`'J*^N`<H1M@`VR$;AW&@]-=




MC*





S



ZG


`?A
M5)X@]#VW%XM$5UW/#=.&S#WSS6VL^TO2_;72_1OC3?SD-TOZ'3]ZJI]Y3:DW


M[U63ZP&W[?'U*R=V+.&&PE^'

S

H
@;.`FL1#@*#
/
M7,[,OOW#G4C`Y,4V^=F_D1QRAQH(+UYP4]\(*_)E*$O<7V,,G1OA2C:-WBCN
M-#I,#!/G6#:8&:&B?
N&TP





0V3M]18WIVYM


M/T=AQ!WV

MP-=


M0)(G2`*&@$[9X@6&EF5\&[4L1P:?$/\01':IE.;X(A8(CN#*&!1Q-;Q$`2

B*ZOHE6CT891
MK6?J*L$/\$

J%*BGR#:O




WGR)66'''??!<&W6Q
M-1=7)^^6I\)`=:.9[48;`!P`WR;`S6H=\-9?7


E$
M$`P!0YY@!&D4P5)0!*01

O6Z^).
M

M:K@^=H-N




MG!U?'Y()[H\NSB_/]M.4?ZJ1S\?7G\ZIU57I)O\&X8*:3K@C[WQI!-P-]@/A



8@T6



/3(
TM'AJ/T

MDDNG1H9



$Z-F:AYJ.E/(
M)#(0JY2PRY!4D97@A&'^P'V[PDZ)-N

%6\@.4DF
M*XH#CQEZ!9((G%_+\)[:K,MNM)5GB(;Z!AV
`CT+([$3X(D6A)(5$]82QF

1/8
A.6#/%WY89^0*$HA4^C
9NLR!^JWS$:49)L


M(`K)RD'4'W

[F(4R;Q


WZYY9!S3EX^(_?DEPTU`!KGL$ZN
M+BZ.O]S0ZRTR!1\$XHA=_7-V_?'BZNLA&\I`TG-_.C)*`V25Y9EITUJ+&E6\

&XD!=:8=WDHWK4_2JLOQ+II/L.Q=W&LH]A6NQ*'K/?A\

'E
M
\N3K*^PC:=(GZ$@%7D!%4#%$BKJ0$59U\B_7'5G:;A)L;9@;^5X+%;\Y6#;




MV8:?[()N8

?TV5(.V

^?1FC

4+M'3(??Q(



I\+&IM







MJ$8BCRJ)8]U+
5243821+CU
D@
]DK)I8:QQG2G/


<])FTRHBJH9G]K[/VYD`V8C.H'(9NLXTDLR!9L;21?
M&.Q&69S]+`'TZN3Y/DO2Y&8M0K[\/<-A30W-^SF[-/GL\O;&QV2)6O*HU?&

:UHM07


^VZ4:[ACE15]6()
.1)96/'*N/3)!J



/(KU\^J9


,.H5S$/IF<,N[DQ^M,Q[+WG+4;!



Y6


M$&5)EV/

MC;*-!&Y]++-P
;VKZ3%+@N&GZEZ/G75&)#Y+N9CQ:5^2_PM'SV?'?Q^A]
MX@R:5GX9_PVK+Z?W'-TCA&Q_'SH1A
IT12&9P59#Y
MPK<YTRER/*HK)Y:H\<_K(*^QD4$F1EOB$01^C%W,^)P,E)M94G2`#O*2;1P








M.AJ8K;I#C)*E*T

M-

L+/U5]R.Z8!]`ZAAU]P#XGQ+;.4%CC^/EL:D&@$2W@0DL5*
M*IQW)W33@M2D
CE5!J5K3(M]UTF6I.:IHCU[Z(!8XRYM






`W'TE:)A/=Z5S[;C(79F130Q]/F0C/ED.Z]DSI
MQSYD'F\L3;R@MP5[4[Q&)^QA6434Y9+6)F3=ODQ]Y'U@\('=6DI.NHAW9J^




?433^A)?5)(2(D/=.`O!QD'AD@4O

NKILW9?E/K-:H`$FZ8'UOC+K7WV7
M3///A-)H4XHBM]S#O%T&7C)Y=9U5FYG
9E1%0$I?B#V*5`R)+Z29W_)<%@O)B

PB`.!H&7D4.F$23M[;-866YK3TO:!RXW?*8(!S#QK'87

M/*X^
M)1-G.)RGZQ?
SB4V#\;^C2=?C'0B`FJ:)
)STO0BGAX]NE_TAGSJD.B+R3^L

;[LME./%0W

:9OX[!9B+O=


M!A[X\SW;0LNY^42892#M
DL\Z[)G'#9E^J9EPB_(QCW][#I\SK(SG['G+=4\




M!H

0VY
H&W
M/G&*03@CEZS*RDM1V`19AF;E*

MLJ^O.'1!9S:$/NYYU/0*NTUD-NZ@'DH2]B(41[NZ&H7MR%5#-3?1Q1J[

MR:N&0I7MP/M88'I^2F%IL!JT5+8+MY6^L@
-CR%IA1W/'G$

M+O.:RO'ENFX5K7/[J#516!`:V[=KFFY9E2G
V.I]X`]VQ13;V:N:DB-LXV#[
M4E00%GL.T/O6[A2E?R\O%+:[5S1U+7BC`^P\;(%SMMM6%*.OE!IV'DD^.C
2

U=Q=*7713\-




9FEWRZCJ




Y



99O'[-


J6&[FBE(?K![?W5-:%1=OTOTF^W5R__((]G:QNE
M1QZ*\
X\;I-##_


M]S3$XAP3J8B4(:12#5%&Z:G6RL=:V:*AJHB-.4KSM[%
5)8_NV;V!O20MT`*
M;+\JLG@BT/[S$S%P;

MD+[A55WHXL#\4+-4:1:YQ0SKGJ4$8T_HYE\BUS4]MAK`&RQ9[^F*+$*)4H`Y

$\E9XB'[2Y*`6$+L38FU#B-YT$#DTG6,0
M(V`1$.7W2\LW&I/-/1






&E5DEI:_\[BM9[P1;1+WA9?W#*?H.&B'/2J


ON1OI*?!#-.\G$)&VP^-E



M9\`SX%E














%C'EPZZO0D6`A8BNH7H/5
YZ!$7

6@&K


MU`MH!C0?CWH!S8#FXU'O\:=JVSU7^RWQW8$[=3SI:^`/H22VX.R*Y-VZ5!1(

M]I:8*+7F6]U(

5AK
MT8/FR

L</@`%L`6P!;`%L`6P!;`%L`6P!;`%L`6P!;
M`%L`6P!;`%L`6P!;@/1Z^Y<?7H+8\6398=].0W;W#!(7LGXXDBDRD6Q_VA&







K(FGK?P




MXK


M!(R$821@(6`AK5N($!+9E/#6-3@.#?8`

M







OP]%8\%(P$A81@(%S\!1.Z<V*HU_*1;
M4%L9[`%F#%:53@!!8%L*P$&P@M@Q&`D81B)@KAZ


-`/K@L`$

`\]BX1=_3==BA!^MHSSJ$D

8QT;SP$MP


MP0Z;I#/CL.ZHOZ(?W-Y?71.D8


M;2



MY$;?ST8A(@D%'.:@*)9(7\I#H:JU$[O==4ZME;`O(2+EW%0Z!Y4&YK'_!(2(
M-C]UT)
(











1`./(@;%?T'G]`X4#-T(KJ3V&[@!B



MQ






MVG37T#D[7






MZ1


]??E^S%@`_]M
?0^
MM]_S;Q+V

M)7`%)7=


TB(\^5]SQ'=0J\#^R6]BE]T?(SX;54XQ^#X_0.54#



\EX^=$$4/21S%CD^A:].Y`YVUV'6W4?TG5ER;^]O
&6


MN5X2N^_H
IA

M4Y$/0#4#

MME*&*5NQS#[?-[7+U':XV6H9_V01X^;[I[)
73NACS^.'E%(GZTV^=F%B?J/

MY_GP^U')T+557M=:PU0R]&V7U_?N5%Z\.ZY'$E
W04BR560BF?/:)$;NRB









=S!GMJEE7!9=F
5-AAO&U:34=_
<R.
MR5S

FMW5:)PKB3([-R
X/(5:
FB



M1N
B<

=LTI9*^=<'&H_8BJO
M(XS2ZXC:218ITC=*1_KBBF&_6-Q@Q^*-8E?$0-E@!\I=0$2]8:S!#F-5LUD'
MUXR2.;GS`_#4;BAHL$-!M5A7ORG+/WRT9G`N.-N=@$*!)\[U9*U)G@II7(,=
M(*WUG*F7ELKQD7FH^$BL3BG9U`GQ+!??
1I4=0H=D6
CSCMD;J`B'KC(TYO
M)J71J;2A3!RGL=



+AY21D.,;IC'AXJ8D9GG%Z'QZ-V`I<<^Y].R0VHWA



MB




T5#+FC37V):@%
LCLRA(LTDR+X/))/!K<JO%IAME'5,)(NJE
MNRAB^Q!T[^%*^WQ(T$W#_#&![4/70V5!JKF&$JU0N:L#U<M,29JB:YK<9UX


!Q52.168+

M
8Y/;E?NNSM$_K`:T'+5]0\`MSUHHB+!3+U

MKD_=&\@^I%

M]VV


B51J`9JT\U2[1#=-+S3)5R\+4.E?
&N6Z

]^V*;_
Q%:3_/2R\M//U5V`6`\CM26'N6I[0A/']?'G
MEUAT(99.XG@D
:M6

M


MCNS12CK8YC.T9HEC`EI?



ME-67?:ZWHJ\=97.H*?J@2C/+*DT[-P\PCPNDM$SN[Z`:*W7$.S4SNX[S4;4*

ML!3!M;*9.RA5D4U.SR5-E?N'9K
._\5IGJ3UBWU=*K%Y/9EZP0RA9Q2^NP.T


M;2Q=[7?EFRF
;*_F5WVW1.N_N?'XUA^2L]=)?L06Y@1VU&QI^28$^W)2V\*.


M6)F#3O6PV.SEC5IR?`4AEMW14(QSI5_?.91&\N`5=?CK=+H[3
N;[PY[$/SD




-0FQ9M




M2FJEGZ5NMKM6954QS$/3SP()V]4KEMTWE1KH?Y@B\G=RTW(03-#=]LI+++!P
MY@1+T?/S]H91JQ/&0@&G1:FM*PT2QE(O)^THJ[JY*V&+HHOI$W-]WP=^L/AJ




T
MLA3/GJ9
36N'1):ZV1.6HNM6-1I7TT9Z*I6LF1/\I?F\$OC15S0*0I0^]^+\






C'&X2T*HS07P+BUK!3HXE]C

U'EHI5]=?1VB@#%\



-N6#&#03))

M.


XII-KLH=B:-P%U3O%4[%SZ

MSBFXJC2JAYK3=SJGR&J3C-1D\YR*JGW+*E0KK5\CC=D\JQ8K\6=RPUBKP^8Y


&90_7VJ&0IGST;6H52_SN06=
!=)U3EW?MCE.Y`XDU


@HLNIA]%%%*$JSIU37_=

/7






M
@V2[

8O+M#-/PZ^S4B7ULY2DS2.T7DIA81%:#&
M.T#5U_*\[4=@*^RR$

39SY4+


M!0;.M*VJE0C




PRA6&%ACI-54)2^JC7

#8WU)5G=!73

MO(I7IM02\]H/8S2D^N.]TL8)%.L2\A[=/QIX

M^4$I[--5IZD5[O(Z
GBUO0J%#^MC+G.0J5']&9QB7KI1N%2V)V'M\5G4)'N6

M^H7[/WL0U0Y_135R%JUJW=P-D?OY*A@D)!/U
IONOJ(S9(N4.#[[W__^6_%=



MIBEYSG*OWC3V#9:_X_V.G/`&?[)[7L90Y'3T_+B%UVX?.26PZMC*IY]O?M\T







M\?4//*$%(08O=J^W

1
M#
M&.&4F%%E=N[K;M&!*WA39_/H*1L/9^#(+MS3W(J\-7EEVP
F#6NN[9$*S


S@E/92Y.+J


MAOKIY__RXB]#]UV*XIF'_O[IV\73+[?WGR5Y&N-_/[Y(-P_W+Y\EA?S^XDZP




M'HIM'J/_Y4RF7_X_Q92_K'
A

,<P]$G.0&J^//)
?'$


3+Z$


\#@:P76%[



.&&4K80RVM&YL/


MM

M1-




KU'B3^](/N8-.@COH5T
MU(BD)X3]Y'R#Y2I(7N-1XFTEZ&SYEXQ7IOX1_QJ$)`#U49RF9[`PWE'JQ2(Z
M4I@9R5E0
O?T\V_1

MBV7T
LOB9X-ENJ!D?5SF\ECQ+=38D0Y.W3,ADBR-WC^0*AT[LK;0=.5/


0R


MY^
$


D#P-
19#
MEYQ6P)$U^7_'FT5NNH'PMMK5R
TARX3((D

MM'7+
O46#$M1U?T

M0F(@9_=NNX)HH'(U',&B],BR%N&0/-$2*H\6U6L+]CIXHEA'0129:LR
:S
M`=WC'2YVBLAAS3#=.29;661'-OR.XIZ4Q*[G_KG8U1VY812?N7YO_E.0Q)BF

CUW6B
7_\6D-


MLZF95-&.*.KJ25+EL3U9G_*


H!_@):R0N!CE-N:E;1Z*
M@)3D#2X[L0?FIE@8X8M_'_HN+'239RCF0VJBRE#.Y/9%=CN)DTYVUE8II758






-H:'J'$1_A

-0LCE9&G*#)^7Z7@/JJNAM68&)B2KU:VK5M4P]5*OWLIJ3T!Y
MYXA\`)$@'Z(:BU+7LQ%O)*D.Q%'TR:[67BF8!(6Y$*W6'S*]LDVS#!5*60C
M/^'KO,W^)H2LA@9D\%$[T=IPC5`;9#F#V9?A/13*R*8XB.
&$ZV2Q/I\
M-TYS`
SQ&-21S%6%N512PRHX8UB0B4)]7$_
]Z!=/1_!MT&JH

M&*KFPT/`'X0*%IMS4@]G[\TU@_2

NN(D9EF)-

52:Y
MA/D`;)YB


M#21+'E21*7A//%'B#&.6:[Q_;]%TKO/_CRZ/8(71*J


MQ#RP%XQ+F';X\CW/#)(E%


M&&WV'&;N_)D&DO[BQX!4

B)CJ3L1S9%Z#?%KZ!H!]






M'=VP]+@KFFL
K^?!P_'&#7&XP
ABQUJ
@03RVNE`%_B5V$$9J:2=ZF]%2]
M*-/:
P:1@QXL]#P6(?I0:`NY2CCY4T%BE0#_2IS&ET?ZQ4R(XAW\`=F:'$/.


9)6)JV\<UE(GNTW$-BG1
RLNASAYZN[NZNOZ7'U

7K
$J?PELA=
[L+)6CXC1F/)C*SF82IM1E[8
M7N5GN7S\'#LRV5_$N-


Q-B*M'/24ZMXCG;((WS

2)A4$<B10&+((]P!T.L1-M

TD)$6$^#!([SXF2$N1X\TJ:II;5897+*;!!Z(&=3ATQF-<3#Y^

Y

]6AR





!65@8

MZ13B?/+S5.KP

7TBGRHQK)MC6/^G
M`\0=D`-K67-3YF'U)Y(8DIB-)
8@B2&)V4ABFB0QZZ0I;F.XR`-?FS
IGYSP

7)LV^75JAYUN)$*QY3E/Z_U5&%6@&&/







M(/Y:AM;17X$/]7X]4Z6/UC]FI7Y.36$GR)^CE+;(C6.L*B@Q]7AQEL/?*D3
MCJH#M^JXD4U`4T)T&@$-`(:`4TQ;A'0WI




2R)VOR4+P9CG:ZX6@ZB!;B8N#?M2@(!RA=@]16_J&5*FH
M[1)J;5[B-K]7FMU2NY0PPVKZ^86Y8;N3<JT.W[D&9-)5((:@0UM=E%4.H

M(:@05`@J^P`5A5.]E-IWJ$79@!IZEC5/!W[/.\\JE8S1CSIM0AVAKGZHVS1+



[79&H4V+P^PNRE5LV
MP#4$FKW#[6E;TB56S:`4$NHW4/4[O=:6UW9@!JB-N^&_1*9
!NO]#/%CUEV

M7
!4-1Q/_DLZ7DS%[.BF)R
=9^%C2W$M_SXKK9K\@\9ND9%R]'=#SBS3M6)7

/Q:;A\R/HS`R/1MS)@=^P(8
M[PN,C'$/QW'&+3ZZA_$9NL::#;T%#Y@1L_S8M=G8C[@7.:;KOB1$L7LSY(L(
M@PG%E@=Q%`?\B'WSLP$\\3S=8J,SFN$9C@O'%X9E







!0+TX0X$1=].$D?
MKN@CX`

\/\*6Y
(#L^;Q*&WY

M1(7($]TIFIAY3SPT

,<-OJ:F$M'K585*1K<@KL#H`4



MAALE_$P:;3;:/XNF`$W`K^B%7;M@4DKC\!R6FS$^GCYM=!H_'[
;/O8#0?Y9


M:HK?B?3D99*]02@UZ2H$PA3B8II-[T6:3XF3D1I2640`FO=L+)0$AY\'Z`$
M/R1^AK\K*S/]!5SA/B;Z@*-


)$'T9#:`/=.H$0$T]=B*80U_\!A*`BP1#
DN


FYGJ\0R1B1-?.6V
M


(\DRZ^

MA[LS\7WHV(X9.#CG_VN&L`A=`Q)&IL7C#2DW^^\*PCD`OS;\X`)6/.``SL


5O)ZXK[?/#S$.;N!K24K@W75SF
M0FDSWW


A`;#@')A[@U!(\_



MI4*+*'`XT(#;RR]I%J

%3



XP$FD&$`UIPLU#)B@O\/2(1EV
]BH--=)ST*IR
]


1ZJW9
M;VB-1F

3PYA
MBY1:^
]T7T)'[O\\3#:EIA:4+&:3!G&28
(3Z*&A2`

M
1:3O&

Y*


H
&)`]22-V%
;CL2NB4?(4ODP%]9(O


M$-



M(UB3
^+I.--C_B'P6&8RQ&.1A6Z*8R[B*
U$_R0Q.=^-LQ.QXS$7QX`#ABF?


X&VR)63E!TU

M'6)L=W+6-QD&1C:24U
)AZ(%?!5CE?DR83Y0FJ?8%IGN]_CEWL=U

MFN;QIJ9Y3IYSC
D$&&

2^:
MX!_$(I3Z=N1+ICENT93'ER4^=$%LBZ^6PN;0W6R



M
M


$RV79
&E2,L;5D;,9;2UV;/`N1.'&I.
6Z[V
W4[O1N
!7')?TI
R9P
BF


C_L;
AX#S;'M&NFY@(J'2'6&^6%+




MRP[#Y_@J`@/CK
06))P:M`#%^M1G+GUJ^8D.:X^-2U/*7U8)#UL0
9'$SC

M-

LU!DI`J()DDQ(4IL$0P-$*Q$P@2$7/A.Y
ME6]9
6@`ZR4OL85B?GU!$P7!\$AF\F)RA#-G6F:*+-1RUFLNJF@FI7I1A8$?

]D;A+1?Z=:5RRC`[JSDW1JU\)D!CR_?FM5RJKR;5

Q\)*PEZ1'C1+VO63=E=[T7N#G150R)_K.W7]D]^[V1)RKNLB=7


9?O3N;_BM(&LSI5+P+4Y'A-U)A<Y)*&.
M2=).+0Z(EW0WWV[$)!\&Q(RM.!(YPBLFAL69WIX.!L@C*)-HP2E!=8A/(_G


7O*0['=35`F*%?&-_8O/G0LEXRXHV













J]`*77.$-U\LZTS8J^F%M5BWW'%=:3\O;QVU?E+\

*M/SLT`DX##





AJR!
A3$5E

<AM&EJ_0QN;A-S]1.X^K[EMK=?M$'+KZ'8IM4U4_;YT#?UW%;FQ2@?E
M5:DJW%(D%K8UNRBYEZ!&4.H$=24EAV&D%-/:@IXHDHM0%TQCU_Y'B5'IRO
MH5.K(C=4V)DO7BNKE9<8^$@J!!4H$%8(*064?H**(+:_4KL)?LR68TXK+
M@^DBRKD*S.0]JH_6B?CEK-+K%+ZK=[4.MV&9O2ZM1,8@L]^P&?3]BEX&-H



(BPIZ7!UNO/7`ESKAJ#IPJXX;V00T)42'@$9`(Z`1

MJ*
&)J@05`@J!!6%9(.@0E#9+[L^S4[//^;1G*9*!M$Z^?L_+9(/!'S/*]
MR/%B^(GY\)


@C!)&:,J8U3O$4;WPM-2?^)W/F:+`1O
MEJ.]7@BJ#K*5N#CH1PT*PA%J]QUI6](E8K:+J&64+N'J-WOM5:GY`XUW+Z


L7I#S-M

CFYZ
M)Q


M
M-CJC&9[AN'!

Q:=O)]ZS](/MD9X/)?PPF

M//
9)M4^]4=C[H5B1J[$W)UX]H5GH00\\FO7]$+9ELCA?9N^.W@^N&_AW^
-+R6JI6-GTOFK9R36ML'#@C,W!`&00<&G4L
M5')A!%+%S<SL$




MJ]?`!!A_%E#XDA$/PXT2?B:--AOMGT53@;@5_3T
R+I'U\#BO8&!]/GS8Z



.2]M
H
MVF1XB


2Y!)/-




O
%KHL&NWIUD76S?J3.WWFZ`US

MLU9F$_

M

IC+\X\AQG?^FT?8GL86'H?)''I@/G'FQ
MV&+T!]C(R/=D;]





M%7;FB]?**J4)UU@XH$%8(*086@0E#9!Z@H8LLKM:OPUVQ%YK0`\VZIG*N
M(#-YCRK@K];)N.7L$JN4?JLWM4ZWH1F];NT$ANS'_#9-#U**?@86K?;TAJ]
M;2K$GS4X49]X5/KU0?@T]2U?I]6G]JYTJ%_L_7OWJ%'--ZG.JK=92GL%-]


M!!6D%%(=D@J!!4]LNN3S/0+L^_8%N&
AEHV\3KYZQ\-@C\$;-\+W*\&'YB




M;75E`VJ(VKP;]DMDPFR\TL\4/V;9

VQ^T#R$/
MG

L8]'








MRYB?/#OA]Z_FLS.*1_G7;DSO0?QXP!P;Y-VT(L?^WN[V#GZ_-MK_-^'
&B3M




V-M


-
<R]<!E.FSE):
Z



_2#WI\UEH*^OE-7#:7P5

M`W3^0`:M?+1O
7-]GQ;





G1B?VS:I6T7E0T



@+9[D!F-+5&I]*M315!IHJA5VYL;J:2PG0AA4
8


S#!BIWXP]N$A



IKIGJU
9356L

MC.8[




M9;
_`BQL-U75[2\\K)J9L9,-;/.`8L]1S[YY^W9`;.YY84A$C=[YU.NV7`





]QQX%;T@O2G[SG(UHXMD
MX&J3JMDR*F&@D6.@L5

M&WN-=K-Z!B@M0:^8H)U^_TT
A-71C\%.OC9?


M1B
G#


MC4K+EZ@HX:I8
^4&?Z0U$YG/55LQ%/^I'`$JDKM'.GZ'/%@`[%Z##KK5@%R2




M07\J@$&XJ
/L4P&



1=+2_((;LB^M+!3`()802*H!1B76EN(^AS.D;
MB@FI)?ET1%^9(_I4`(/0I09']A%=5`!C[]!%!3#6+8#QELH5LU4P9EH0Q^1.
MXR#@7@2M??

#O



N-WG+']%KIIJLQ#\Q(%)+R;'9JCIW(=)G$U+%2O'Y+$:H2

M'X!\8^S!]/?@)=8S+;@5ER[N

F(W`\RXUMSHRL1:ST!QW#X#
NXN*H
:.5/1
-S0C(
M?B2IX'?*/^M1I[0^9?!W;=Q=`,8LS4$8XF-S2#R\$[#I`(44`HDT1L4S0B

^






DX
M_0#D)S_XFZ'XC!%OHD7'&V\3S;#K:'GN_[#BVP1]#BJC2:$V4!NMM*EG0Y
M7BFJR=C!%.;0430
_/AA.*4/.R1/90R[2/-XCO*B6IYJ^&ZJ^&A24C

M'!(IRX

F&T=P#.R_=NJB$XE;5!&=G=0?5!-N-GUZ+'LB/









'HTG[9.K7&


9[

M#J6MS0D5\BT4EH.ZGY0ID!/;7$/2ZE1:1(E00A0`04-0@&AX-VC0&\3NI@

X*#FW5P#=5[Y!6@4S;HLZ\IO?Z*J08$Z0(


]A
0JD=C6##7N=508




X(.(C_):`R9Y?HA_

(+%:#,\LM?,G.U4PAJE;%0NHU,DJM@4IG9F=179
M\'21EJ0,B*C2XOP7FO'CKA/6CDH$!`0*FFFZ%#`0;D'H*)E
9^9*C[R82QW


R
*VEQGX088XP




M#174-05Z5)4.%;!Z4N4OE15N*C9JM1FJB%NE;J+KQX7)^WDJ3TCJ4X/'PP
MS?'QU*-3_:0]G

NI/QK['C1Q
M-;B*AGPRY%

*-?/#

1HK.;(%
S)JMF3'
M%S\.*N.&7C`W
F*V98;S6)UH-(MF1DK


M7Y@A
[.HJ\NO]FHAZK:F&/9F$F=Y=L;OH^K


Y=

M4;'50K
MF[








D-K]G9\2((DF22YW%-]0K)UK4.2


MN[[`@BRN2K!!$U.+(`#A^;#6$3_TR(($30HK'




X[]'\





'-\+

J*T\OSDYMCF)3A-
%W@MYO0.^-

[






M=

VN^UW[^&J0!Y)



M_



NO'ZC2M*A(KDJG3]\H_;;(0\6:+].OZ]+@K)-\GW3N2[
MI5=:?(7DF^1[Q_J[4J=





X:YS1Y
Q_M%




^*&)_EQCW5N3E!17^$#K$6

450

IPF^$[0^PWHO1'T



M_KB`B6TXGOR7=+:8);
CFI[9/-%3K*U\G`7.`BMG?NO7\-V0



Z


F-:

USH/?3`8HZC-_[[:`UQXYF0V_5
M?)*;-
FO3[)!D[S_D]Q\MY.\]YLMBY;IV\SB3&U0


6&2TC^HG]LLG#_5EDK2C&5H1D/K=.A.2Y((THSU
MH9(T8PDXZ&O])BE&$@A2C$J&6':7VKPLQ,*9XUG^2&S9\5#D47
'V0QEWON

MK&P-5FT$F#08:3#28*3!WB#17:-#&NP=S7?SJ%.[N=[;@$.Y.1U?_(`[#QZ[
MPUA#[:).]8PI[
4%$54'7#=;SRB^_HZFNW&T36*BXM!6R2`G!5:R1%=6FYYT
M5^FZJW[K%.DNDFC27333I+L4B.4F[=PYL-8(L=B,)!X8%I1'/`V=R.+;J6



Y-

MUG1I*S5P^K'9
.@^U8J7MG(W=BN
)B@4*Z\EE:2P/GULM:L]V$`*JVR%I5-)

_6U4=AI2RL&W&D#TY
MW*7+VHL$$9*(ZM.)%0JPDY[</2J4X,C(&RW1[N*I6M%U?<=22V26GS7:K%?


MIQPXO3P_N3F&WH?3=-X)

VU_T#Z$

M!WA_KJ@]
^+1T+=]UW]XR7=R`L_EKMW%EN%I)WIA]V8(Y``?T\:U/&$LCAS7

*

WP
M5VC`Q@ZXS0/3Q6'&P41*\.W&ZQW;





GS$EEOAR.]+N9JY


'B/]4;CIT]
/'/HFB]^'!T/G&=N?SI@%G?=
M$!9ZX*YX#[^/49W)[UG[0?;)SD:6_QA
/J;F\:^_Q.'A@VF.CR^$67!G/I\Y

/E8OSZ\&F0MG#^/



M]L8ZV^C1O=YJ6J'E!FUO
3^(?!$JZ4+UWY8HRWZ'*@(21
$B]P#








MWSNM_L'O


MOT1TYB5DUYT-@*EI!XN$.9TB$+UG9HI)8A_=R1S]C-
2.F$$C_@#%@W!(?5=



VJ4H-M2I6(*\+T?!HZ

LM8


RPVQWD8R`W*$:9;B=!<Y-&J3NT<JK^0+TK1FK])%G22<)'RG
M$M[K4TBJ!N22?%,=W;TQ5\L-MIY85A!SFW%Y+@485<[/4IB^6%$(5?%R=TC

TER@-.L-DN8:D$O2O)8T
J#8HB`@J=I!P9D&Q`]<Q[QW7B9SJ4@]4]
E4
M)+=&)U9KP8[%$0JCW:

#_Y*
(3E?;&8^-?D'C=WRP!FP@P)%
MXU
V#




ME:++Y=7?QVS1R=TH+6U].$;PCT6!R44;+,:%A_;,?H%A_E4(JX(`_EI-`_











M#L^?QTX@WOX_;@8
FHN@@1L^^.W@NJ%_A_^:#;UUY^O-[X;\?
`



SQT+%
]^396=H,I;3U`2^MTI@E8

MTS@(H/M




M;+

MKXCD@N@EBB^\'9H!_VR&W

7I+UJ4]
M8L@

MER[LEN/8'1DS0MQ;;9[HS8ZB=
S*WBL6B=XMA(ZEHGOA/7(O\H.7#21HM;W1

M:'5?D3W1WYM'-3.?_=6+D='N+@[*%3RJF4GLKUY;VNW^*_;`:Z-*M;?#PS^]

!E4#8K)BL7G%:2X)B


??5J?JAWER1Y;#KL^^C
-W?+`&;#`@\Z?-IZ&)_8

G$/_2;/TT/
M&H9QQBV1?
(

[THQ*N@W!@C2KF_14
STN`79O$`
MWV26$UCQ*(Q

M81%JN;$[WB.
*?ESR%WH!N@PQ;(O6H5?X%7'@Q$!.\013.DM0]


M`7
%@\


M8)7@N.&%GVT^
&

M?
P41]=@$N

.9F






XBB

ML9/3NXM_7=Q=G

?




?=?&?;'_C3TN:)4;@F([+-ED8'IW\3O9CAN^]_/
#C^T@II'[$%-
MM6:TYC@6'DWD`UAN6O`/=FC.[G]4W1QV.AI@D..Z.(ZX&\+A0=[II]R7;C
`@)#N
F]
M0#-D=IXV?T*;XR5GVX;P\\+.3SP`[$G.A9QZG#2T=$\U%7]BJ5M+-
B0U6
M2DG)61R@$
QK(9%A@+O5)G+\

^
M29G6BAU(*[GV
M4@V$&J;@*6DO[A[`*M-:!LD^

P<;04@XQ/[Z^+L[I_X<R-W88K





M^O=0M^;NH:Z



$&84`T3AD'KA*)&=051ZU41:HUY7%2LC\QG







OM
(UM
N.7<=\+'I3&XN
M$7O/R3454WXL+8FEG790R!*L[K1#G8S&%MF,Y:G25##D/1QZH])5]K58X)T?
MF:XBFE3%-;=235IJUF1W3Q5MRL2=,VV1$=NK5/.J*AW:<16[[^JN`BK2&Y=

AANQ)++2YXW+4]4.((NJ2K
CJ

BXEJL(KG[F<Q3


M1&



L+&P/^(!_@@

MW&;
^*4=)PO@W`.[O@NND$L[RXV$GGNVN)$QR6*Z-UV)OH5`:NYNL=X13VIL
MRE8E)2J:LNTY4[8J[BPP90\)%15$1W=\$_1&2O1T:`8/
)K
#K'C0)A?8&V-
MP53R[:I$1
5(D8KDUND8Y!MU8W4\6E2Z4C



L









M:VGX=8
3^]


![SWO$!IJ


8]'








MD@U)ZV9MR%UE-.65$QF1:_*#K


R?BLN=BN365








M+_ILNJ9G\=LAY]&)9Y_`(/$QT\6W73^

M9%MWYO
-AYXL4
JBC^S/YW+C_C/W^

*._


M@E_A-

?3D7


1QDYW-=V'0+C1W(SP+:-3N^?#*D'OO<Z'9GM/^+`*!_TU^+A:MLA
M'XH)778;KX*_U=^





DCT[^ZG#6+2M4UGR$:4DWE]_
M`4JR95FFWR2+;O1AN[$EBWA```0A`I`)]MIW9M7JEEO%;8'/DUVZ05'(FWD2

M5`F^J)!'YIH#LI?%#VN=W/9?3A_=KS18AY5XE&?DPE2,S),._AOXIT0:@'C
M_N_D/S[WS,%TEDRTD,5TX+$'P/)HO,1SQ#U/(T8&CF4YK[9%*F/?'8^J:
M?P


MV:@(0HQHVJ(0GT$H)\Z`7+`^&S_#S;I6(2B$YPNWJSZ%B32[/



M]NYN;KKWCT!8'Z273CC[3.[^??EP=7/WYSEY

M8/XE

M24D/RVUHHZ0G+6'+:N4&]$W2%0

IOJ#EZMA.%9?7G&M9*N1S



M@B

Z4O]K6OS#FI;JM#3WG\N_'
MIUN2\N_[GUA+/X-Y5&7E$XS8\_QK^J1D.T;FAR2W(2&@X&G$L`9`&&!Y92XC
M+NOCO!K$M

5


]K.5[OU'3OG$XOP+[%`TAVI`N


MQTMW@T?FOIC]S1J3Y0U2XGDBR'H9`J*S4Z$7BJR3W$O25O;WH34:*:W.G3

MC6\V&7M^#:F$(@\/
5XX;QG[X=90WOG4DKB8/0\UX+!]W

=WUO
MY&`9;(S*77/NB^
Y



M4Y/$4%KK
X^E:!%\4JQQCV-C?UUXAC=R'7\X$IUZ;)11?/?S.G(LN

M[C]STS`IGH6HD']1[MCD'OSZ




MS!C%X0?]S\+69H;ILKX7(@7(8'%_


?`L*\J6'SSE;G!)71L-_3US1;BO.\8363O$3#8(.L;#


M8.;@25E.G?P5JE;7&@I`STMNUV1.=A)G8G
'+[/


M^YE[\_8LZX8&
;]=ZC/O7UNJIO]CG8$*_L1'C=9)X?I2.45BU?*'NEV5N=V9
MD4


^[85



MF#:U^R9
)(\J:A`3B\8FR@[

CV-N^[]I;
MQ!6;U11XA\Y6.QC4%&NE52O-9CW?-[.EI):2FH&D:I5.M5U*:O'P2DF52VJG








3Y


MM

FT]VG5TY0E.CX'3
M$^#::\`U.QM



MIH=.^;4-NPC3\*FU[-`TXPZ-.`K

M7O

3DMB=

G5X[CW3J`]1$;




*A
-OYQC'

M'ROP

M(FA*`A*[?\)M1%576`R\B8CJ^&LF?`P68\=LAKV8?S32GQSU=I!87?UK](VR


?WYEXR'




M1B;U_BL*$JSQE?)I`




2DFB.



:'CE+:J:/%*BYI]]'%!'/'6Z1'``]J:2K=SN;(_#Q'S*@&)=M)H
MXO/B3!)$S

@?=9%]&W%?K#6\)-_QV


YE;%Y%$N8VH_XVK1
MS,=0@GOG[74&$3Y-(#NVP!==@=PI6D`3\T_
Z[A#:
S;68P]Q0`1VOHNNN0
MG.J`'3'!/

[2IN#

MS2

!+C#8H
]IG(5B6FRR:0Z`($;*[V?9;)`!_H[*I?
R






M4T22BC8`7%]98)MU9K1B'8%2``^'+.0`FY$^ZOIX[`6C``FKAWC?(D:5T=







TZ@
.\S
?



&0&2_LX5N@%OMK(A&5D2BR6__3M^N,AW4@`6<]I,IBZ'_T23V





A?


K#B`.:Z@HBJ
M@@&0Y&#?CJJV@7R:B`BW;/943$'MH:@6+.;00+Q'/1,;7O47NEPU%I0[DL

5K)F

?



1YI1`P=8IS^VY'VQ@U_




=W#)MGZO71H!9
MM]EV*S<+K6]!^QD'_H@RL0G4/Q9MN\D2RRQ`T[T.]@BW4K&&;Z^!V9]7(?Y

&63U4HGL)T,JH$Z.2M`/H:\BPFHT1=4YGR(IOI

I.F9


M.YI`&DL``*4'!0`4`!P`;65D+3(P
30Q
C
Q7V1E9BYX;6Q55`D``^4X!U7E








_P^`#5IQ
25;48]I]
1\DS.&#R0BQ)



X+#BZSCDZ

):AQF]=@XKX(S;

M:$7B+Z]LD66\9]5NST(OJ

I&QW&8\)V;V3VD^DD




[;9BFGX35K4.
P&L'Y^2=CAW2A-9V=;#_E\/S/?


\?W(D!TV#FO5U*WU%0G^9MQ;GGV


\@$8VJ1_)QK@*+PG);[RMR




]QWJ

M?!/J(^.;]-A;=YN=
]Z1B(#8L$CY1LH9;EFODU0+AL?;9T`E(+[=3GS9[3VF


M(6_&YTDQS8LP_4KS:GJ916G%+OAQ3QTUUH*=&PT.!ULXTO;%*W`*S^2'KIWG

6]DR-)$_2W/(F7W
MX98/CK:)J!)#$!C'&ZUA
#8;F+!'JS#T;].`V1NIP&\\26-E,K9+3A0SYJ
)4EX?5/:<25
M@B
$K*21090VY2$46-$;&R.\7]3&H7$



KR`6.XHWJ
9IA.7/

0*BO*\UE[$([..-


MMO`+@N0Q

M2`26\1=

[_R?QLF\64V6V
OR2ZCTY65@\.];36?+CB!1?U=2(JB:E*E[+)U

%&L).]!%@$]O%&ZZC6


5!(I=
AC3YB$@_J[ZJEOY'24(RV'/)7FAE(5$;


S%UNU+VQ5`&P(-H-F1I(A



MG!S5+P@H


MD)((^TYWJ-WHFD%K


M(:.RI
:2.CW(D=T:6<2=[LY)ED^23&/XY0$`1$P/=VF/$<9%3//PA[58K$


MG-
B3

M

M1FPO]M*.*:_SC+PU


M9[I]C6]2%3IL$8C7599$R31

E1NMM`TJ\\AUH7$CCDX$;N3QZG!)

Q*-R'O6GQ9ZM5P*0

HDKTD
M.K\O02:FORN-Y.;MPL'@V./KZ#-IE-G*5PJ8WA+12Y2H(!2Y
B-Y]Z6X]SB
M1WARBW/


MK


)XXTP*R='([XETXCI30N!G:

Y^2CH&@-1Y'9IY5A[R
[8

(V=AQ^IB*Z3[;=`X!FK
O;^Z5R*R0T2KJ-][Z=_S%)I)
MD_)MDX[+_SIH'0-/N#VN*U

3C&0I=OGN&TE

_&Z4MBN$

)V=C=1*N=5Q0Z3B-P






QC08D==A;NA07?MHZ#D'^.
SZ'V

\\<T@L;-5).2-Y)^;<]]313!VMSRL$/9!J*[\Q#!]Q6)*I`]







M0

.%D;=P&


6N!8Q


MGDH'AR@M0K9F;V/D`*`\!0^36C6QJ
M2N!FWO@,+6SSU:USHJ'O`S3Y7\_RXOR6U[^DY1W)
J?LN1/(DM;XNR;H.)M




';LT[]/ISZ&XK7/@J*W.5'OYH=BKOX$CFKK1*%OYX.%=4+K






0G%%1%H/U(



J
M'YDU:@(`#
&P.A;01F
O$Z=T9)E/%[?/;T42A9EBFE14`]DQ1'^:C#AR*/;R


@)#
MRO^I=




M?N'@:(#@


MU?KJ('M3E4499C&(?I6'O

DC0IW\XJ2EE(4$YI_IW=F@VG


;






*6Q#(JMSG21$UHI-X(3DL
M

MMG64

&_^`#`U
MCAI1K_EUI250!P*61







M4AZV.X02M*.7
$G9KF4&:JD3SG'W]$:33X#^$
1[^'


M&59VA!;-?9^MI*P/MX^R/G`95&=


3



@%Z]P:R&-8
MD)@-_C#KUO$6=P2&C2(IR3VA+TE$&M!W)
J?&GNIGNIU_6E0.((`&3-7VHQ.

UA4DN;(G-5B1_'VYJ^77-N%()0&[=%*U
M@RVY6<=+?,.MFQ0Y`+E*=M(T/<00=9`
\OIXY*G'/


M+9CWJ)6+CB_W=@7S'AWAB%WKH7*TP;PP][
9]9;F+PG

MBLKDI;GTI_&.H'%CH!NDBV#Q1-
5);)(X(Z;EB
$2]^N%M#:U!P)U\!;\1:-
?PZ.$02QV74_=WI%NY]3J:4



M/8/1$O997*?&7D*_$5`@E73?N%J7ZP!?BWY1]%$8OP80D42?*B./'4J0[`

Y
5






7C%:Z#8#ZD1PQFG&+IGC$QC:&Z7(1S`[Z7T#1Q5]52)5GV`




M






VH'=Y






L)R.8


M]D[JQS5






N/X/?&$T^2RO

M/A`N1[:7%!\X78W8(


KAC-0E#;2%#`Z]#118:LA$#XQJ&-V-IM
$G5V$6


<R54SK4:M`#`/+\#V?;L-L-J#`C9M=GY@'H#HW#(,BZ-
MHC)YJ0,8[YN5N^ZZ6-XH'=Y[N1ZE:P##MMMW$8^CN3*U9FJ:G#BEK@Q7T_K

MM;JAU+@JB-B.8V9BGR=%U$A.8G.[RFH#;`PW[?M;5@T2VVG)YZI(
E(4H^@_

CDOU



ZBBBLJF=IDCP^
M#]_[GN_1]L6!#%TRW




9E



W8#$=DGQDEU($5YR\+8V5N9,\%7.'AV_E[_
M\!A&?SS0,OJ+ZB)S%\OX:#X:G'E*']/





AN^W=2/XZPUSYV0'N1?[8
45IDI1P@0I!LJ^7J

M

R1;Z6U8-TEX

Y95@L
)_]
]A

4*;;(RUDR


MXT_I
GS(SHC;HBIY0U$5P.=T6M+F@F7JUS78
B1DY\J638:+XK5K.[1GT2`B


LN
MB;WD%0&KYPN5_?84)BB1'4^?DS$!H6-SDRIJ`EK/K)\=FVK!1'8
;6Y
(;JA


9:1YMP9!1YX#&+I.339P(R.3
50D5%.&G[+4J+#?^L39?#=
MV;:AN'\.*?G

M]^A!UO=23K1OJI#2\'1$9IMN?EVIC-@I-39'/EE]@(;JIR^F8P\TJ`T7.6


M2:^J*P`X-



M7\6VVR#S71


'W





V%E]G;ILJRZ3S.WZP!OY=3-&T@,)P<
M%K)W5JP;#L==%W<6='`5AGO%\CJD;VF8Q34X5L.@I(PEWBDQS5[PJKRI4BL


M&V2O,XEE]82+.W`]:_&B%H*3DZVNBMV@HLDY]Y5GCV5A$[.R6/)(N\![\VX
MT0.R\]5ET2[J

MV8635?:$1%$RL1[@4PH^M5T8%.&2XS8B5A76$HV-?$C(SE!7Q3P+2_*4T^3/

ASJRH#9:8RS-ATK

M9K83O

5;X8P$:


L(O?/A##Z8D%9
+EA^U=14GQ^@_\SS8LP_4KS:EI`$VG%GIWB





MV+\A9O9/3^5HV;]F.5?OX'69I]E+\:/'HJ1A)+MMT[]QT-V/Q@Z*YV1;ZL3'

@[MRZBH$BD)%M

=TUYV2%!3KRF&5_
M


MZA[`X(.@7!07HBQZBC4F0EM]V/)2]52GNV$2U(6`B]V`MUG1$[9\6:8+U24E





M!%W1.S*N



MC1BW=N'@Y
C?;O9=&E7$V&K!X

JLY\#ENJ
H_^
MT`V
6J\#:G%)3AF%0O$
IC`M'PZR&*5E(961*^W@,GIF:5Y'!)?ZWQ3B?`@
MBS6R8.D\43]C84W9FAC`:



^N




DIKYX:_'O*+)`
-)V$ZUWFM''OI
MB9])7*6D%F#Q71DQHU$K.#GQMD/H'!UU[')7*


SL)I4H;I'
$%*._^.:3D

M@M



6%
F#9-P#M['L8IF


$%`````@`:8%P1FE-




MH


6K@%(%0&Z1JN!








DV[UB
WH8DJZ3#%ZA'WG\EA7V-S2Q$DN&
M)UP


MT


P14GEF5[2Z*.U45HE\C)64*.CWP-/&4@W-.




M*Z._^YPZZ
HYEXQ


M%R6KQ^@5RL!]6
PYJ'M2]C%1_QF0O_O$L$+.JRS.MQ!4^
\+L*.%_6.7AX$^





M/F.ZN?


MM^QS66=IB_%[IHP
LLVJKD)X^U5:RMSU&`WK
3`DI!(A2KO\VZM

OJ6G@


B;4:;*;W`%82YH$A

MH1^2;/.5?[Y(L
:Y?BD'FML7F?)


MC=Y_OWC_Q^\7WW_[0\


MC1/J7?K.-`Y(8T$P$X[)'.`^UA[(ZW][*D@RN+J(IW

M$SJ5G;-32Z

+L=MUF^:RC@<A+





M:.=%0MV6FL8F`^U#=`TC:#VJ
Y8+W'Q7@FM
0Z?3M[CK(


NB1&QV!T1

(W0Y
=+&%0.TP
4B


\`E9
M`5P\H/P^^OPQ0OV51*D6T`_+^\-Z3VXQW%%!T)8
`N\*T34$]H)N'E*$`!?#
^B^-=H$\1U
CE4
MN*'!IQ83[V[9\;S[#+/5Y=)EI1H$/R`?N9Y:(TZ3B?A*OG%GAI5`+@&:*H`
M4L?/9-*JC8R=J9`CK+5

^

M&OL_4/DSN
&S'VWTZZA1_XFX_=NG$GVF@JHYK1=&%$E9(44LY??D&S[KL\

M;S1?P!F:3I:B4X01;7D
V4I,^D7@/34![_R'
M$IHAGU-:P(B^09UIZ&Z3U@3.%MOD-WLMSAA?UXH(C`XY9QNA/'D'.P8-67F
M#Z[0V.\RDMAC.DHIMA]&`4$7*Y'FP0LETB+
_KT!&)*^_:$?%VJKNQA?:JA




I]2DW69+QO_MTK7/*Y9#[F91EG!
M`+K!S

2!%`\&Z
MG09U/H@`
_'3A_U.L!Q.V%68ITMY&5+)]%A(%BI9S^@3KL;-[DVQ:0W*.^
MC_MJ'Z5RERHHY_2HCB?GP/V0

^-/V(


M*GN&D$`C



CV@KV+LAUY(LO#;W0Z[]/H3H4_U$2_\0+\D


M]VMQ#Z4:C9;;?$2_J?9%5I[MBT+\

MDMZ$&FT


F.MD.*Q
P_X'60_

&B82J-.+
;$C/&L9S1@`N*:2)5K29Z1*1L/CT<Z%N&N3,I



#?]IRTTJ5)6[W39`W!NR0#;S`J



[.G0Z6$)


M/'E)5C!;^?,A]_^,OQBSYX^O&(CPI?J$Q4F;M5_2V`:0#@


M2^0?Q+_B(B0.B
3RAA)


3-85L]1!3Y#A%%8(VU%



7?*\

8+'U&/(@<'C(:^U;T(80613&M=
MFSB24AY((@P5=.)!F!TC9EL\&$F;BP$HMI.UP0X%B1YR1^!ANRRX*&[#C?



MM7=FOKCP%Q]GCU:


M32?2\F2$GJ[V)XV!RFXN6J+4W72H)]9'J+A2)BCO?$HADGOP#DD?7[_0HEY?
MU[
5WO_0)X5+?W#2P




MOP2/V=X6\^HT.5)\07Z39^




T;1JB^9AZ]


V*6JZ'SL4VK2!^60

:M




W!]@\9+$D_C8_1Z

];1)
M*LAUA)+@@OW[65Y6-WGU-UC=M\@8ZXWLOAFF@[*TG[W/ZO(


SE`C1?


*@!7N@S7N
M@Y<C?[LGD'317T)2:,N1Z]-NYV.N//AL(/Y[,BNZGN3KW^A<V4SRTX]5]X3
X@#\9-L<Y9G)
_?/DH?8;'E






7
MF.WA#91&__1+NF?10-9APB7RQP5`?_9

MV.O3K^!Y[J.%K(.)D`&L7%[??JJZ]XD5FZ.\PAZN6'
D'EZ:?JJ8=\2#V0T5




M:@
+0!;.8C_+$*XCD8R?
*T0^470N0B;1RN[&J#\CA+JLI&AW.PK`C$[H!
MV81





M_;6XPV*WU:9O+O=!)4Y])3]0Q8.C=#TB(='KD;%^I%

`O
MV=9EP;NZM-?5EKX&=T7^DI3XV@U...;`L:V0(/1-K`_[9!5E\6#98:4'?4J.
MTQ]KX5#IWW/;06Q!W\WSO3=FJ(!XF`AE2!`Z*[[[5G@J7Y/_\Z2LK0Q7'=9O


Y^@/$V9#\;
M1UNAKRP`^QW\%.Y=5*#1.@1*SV
G$L=.S+-BS9

M8%'@;Z4P@6.5KP


YHH)R_U

M=#.:(CXP!1
Z%



W5/%&*/M8V*7R%=2I5MT\?ASZ;B




M\9A8R\VX]U:UD4[0[!-!^3Q#ZUBXN/8+)XBO)S@'PL&4KOW*G.[
Z-+C?-:B
MP1-Q.WO;=Y/?G@]#(\$13^9L:6?BI^PY%X9;&NER`G4GXUS%_`NYL0Y`J1]O




M*%E=9?4#$TI0*^HY![A*C^&A2%



YK0@:$H&P0=[\?W#7PZ:86)V

]!OXW*ZN-$8Z`/I
I68NW+'W3S-C

MG#0\I&2*_N'WW__P5P#G-_9%I@SR&V]JMSNZ(A(.MW'E#'3H.)XCU(-79;F'

M0#0A;AV/S50$-JJ?BG8#/Y

X;K:
8=UVNZ]F_6-&1&]6F)V9(Y
<!C`!^#RZ<VY4:B[1'
MMJ8Z8]61W]0]@0+ND


MUI$[DE'VL?$D1[0Y-H-;L:60IX`*X@67

M$\&:\99(J$NK7B6_9.IKH*)0-R\E-0)BC;8F?:Z$-654XTO*%@FXO%QI/XO*


M`L8)$0;]G$*2O37#:SJ$S'^HHC_TJCOGM:96?8RRU1:@K4@VM-FJ?G?V)U#.



5+H_R

M3.(K@PF7-`OE`\/`;:^70

M]`Y7H(]

8`#TT]3<



P`9N

EOA5X9V

=5C7U`6F`[+BV301&
)D0Y76+

MA4_(/A`N[G=6;:




MIZ
-=/O$M

55ACS_EHS..J^2Z+;@/D6FMFZ#(#6F


X:V)IJ.).\]Q6VRBK'[KXRS/RCQ-5E']#L@=

*

FG)?$B25)7Y
MS53QCI
T`%$2_(-B(D7@&8


L;?(^&&=$8.NQOT/[[-8YKJ-)V??
M87`^VFON\LUB`NK2TDD







AHCY_ZX8P



Q07@%4VH*`E@P!(`)C#X$AM?3
4Q'JU^[A+B]P)#4.[!0N

1-*+YB?U6-16`+1&&B1]P1GMJ+1#?-BAZ#U#`VF[R03V)[)3T@
V6<=GA?OD'`!/T[H`7\]C/7

2R.?'T@K^I@ER#41S168;$4+FI:L!$S-
+=O+

M*)J$.[RD)1


[OP7+8]J=#=FCL[H;DD;[Z
[1V[S
MT9W;2BC.U_#5ZT#7!TU]=5^4RM?^Z:(];^[=G`6
G);#C-SI]VPZ&P5]\2



MS6
9%LJN?



M@*NDPC_)6:KY9Y;4AT&,&-+`UP(K0Y)A?H?P?)JA)IXF=;I&`AU+`;T$@7


MO694VC_?C)#:9YX%3*V?0*FW04JT\()HJ'Q*(=X;2=/\
_HNO
R+!S1\HK]6


9:54GCHYX^W7.K



V`/N$
M

MT1[R(J\!J^O(




M\]NP28.QPH_]XLM$UVC8)
FN\



BX`)WF=9/J@ENK




XE7A344'G\!E(VD=

/C&MIE6H
H3?X!
M5Q^B)

LF%])L#7UASPD

8_13@&F8)@8AGV-_[9\=\R!MF/-@




M
Y'C$^\A-I2.X
M108^FV8]YKRLH(L%Y^V-PCM8'QBFTCM4`?;!G(.04?Q/F_QI+!VU3@L8A6
M\&Q?%/1.Y0TR)OV'_M@O:<+W8_33H7C!2U@QJT3?0A9<&NGHSZ)Z`I\!3C
MKR;JG!(+$YY<F#K+M]ND+-%:\DR'3;)Z/B@DU8/#&^+JZ26XKL8U'6\
\A(
M':I&W)8L&PH%P2`UPCBTT867X[NB^&#^-4Y*^!B]UJ0V'(C
FO%SCU1?2SX2

M4GU$..-11KE7[WB:9Z48&H70IU(RU!:0!ERBT2F019



8;Q-+3F%
&W`:Y66DF0`D


M:)=444I3IH.H0.N231UXC4OB]]P*N



M)&CB$:47Z605W.).)OD`7ZP;:P

';7TDRZOX


\W
5


M/A**#J%KQ5(1;L

M!0@.CK:7$H3L99I*E32LMJ.YQNZH@HJZ\Y9NR_'`UC!_BU)*P`O.'Q-7F9

M




HYFP]E[(
/_W6VZZ(_4`DSN


MIVP!KCJ
TP5
=9]CS00*!D
6
Q@.;LM:8-!AXIO#*Q[V44.F#;E/C&.JJ2I@


_VJ!],5H%7KA&4!I/@TZ3GQNTZZW38B
MB0K[ZBTEP3U.F'A7)#$/6CJ5'='46@P3(1R^&IS/=<@=0IY#&SVVAM4JH-
M27H)=F)MW5OT0'88:(6?719X[[Q[8_Y6?*2I'<PB]+J38!W46&G.!=*S'G4


8Y@@B

MZTL?@.6=$H/OJQ]G#2E`D6P,/-F+[Q:\$%Q4E8BP#^F`65:^I2]1ED12
M4/(*N@WEX$DZB(1@@4`2&.9/0=L


M]UJ2W(:FKJNI%8;?:G70=%H+0&OXAY5&EV@Y*UY_3'`+CNV5YZ5RRM[.A97
M:1[K)T3RE'7]K^O;-YM_!-
_3[S$



0#CH#Y\46@\SCW2O'FY

+
M0#YY\D2R91X4PU\-S'7

$#7
B'Q+8&(UEGO=YD1&NN.+^1
MF4DK&9ZK-*7PAT7+3ZN6G*Y&[725.H6V'5`WU'B$$JF.C]!&O-WB6`:S1L5
M8:






9#/-

W!\RB?
M-9

GW8MU%[_


M:)^P&*(Y1%16YPE:P%3RC




\GBE5_!PV)5






M1_P2:8I#$O*L2K(]1






MPZ]I`M1M`-H(CIZBS1QNNX






\:4<A-J+]1K&5?(ZU^)


YDW

MSA;G
UFG_KHV2!6]^I_TS\(H_DGC+'3R[GO(:@/YRFOTY;0M(WVLP[BE4/R'
M1%=;#[&@:V6R


ME&V7T=QM2]@T;SX
M)WH2
0`784@234]AQ1#O#N

&F_=2@Q[N
B<AST_<PQ(BRSWC@$[X`M-\


)8I++-5SO
M8
Z@$4.X#GV\^Q3TBS



LK&PX0:P*
C^_AH


(Q`_



MPP]1DC&OJ!)5R


S3?BF



.L0`;!KZ@?J<49P2,O5C:0.Q^S+$M8E;VGVN33N+-]
M@6^1:3SZ/$7CSOW*)!89O^BA8BQ`W;;RP6A77F06\S1*1J3QO_AW&]/1HN\P



Z
MC=OOK1N.9D0W-%6C.*3K;#JGR8D%XH/%A'\O
3&71@SO^D0*TM
P0D_C6`X:

MHSFYQ!`
(+M/E^\9:*Z9SH/F.P+SOD]G6W&<YZ1);SC@?D
U6B:=E\(


7:+:+LT^A7^/-2\G)SA\










V9Y(/),T






DJYKI/N'^


M(4



]



9%LB/B9*O3J$S*V_4=ZO;&`SSU^H4?*K!K9
&O
&



MM^O#KS$?(QE:95M




MF

Z'VI$)

&=`[F*GN!984/(.K0
M
9+8ANY(49D$TS';QIS.TJPU[L.T:X@.9P2VMQGH&@-M:^P6+VW0WP'99`8@

`O2Z5M7I$[(1_*^7)1
MZHKJX*


TGP[C@*C
U

U*TC


\8FJ?F-J'
M9GG(N]9]'S9


5`3B@

/
MOA%=SS+.:#XA_-S\M!.
@X:/86YQ:(EIIQ5UVP`W?GPSDW+;(AENF12_$M!
MO0E%D\\J1HT?YURPZ`)IA%^KAP$3@*$KG78UH?214QZ%GH;%.I/[*E[%&


MP:15_UB/=02__9?LN0


5`@G)2^5':_M?T;_1O]`/3Z@T

#$T
3(S
M


3&!H.6(!G=%*GAQ67/QO[W394
M1(FXDJ0I/MAIMPV`.+[







M)-UC0OC


T#9Y\M\

MQYJTC?9=O
@2:#%)'LG




O65CY
M7J$AIIC0=N('Y)&

.\NI

M+


M


)K-6;*936KV+BLG]`9-=^HVM;)I
M:MB\!4GY`4DNWB]?_#`D@:DLN)4[V#Z7NY=P!IJ;!6ER$\5\BU_;S;7QA]J#



MX81
EAC8)UH%TN:1OO!5.

O/#UQM-.))6UO%.]O9=

M978NSTW+^E/SJ@J
B9

K`C`/$4HMBTQB$6WQL`7

X&L-LH`T+
^HL#@B^M8\326@*_)S&-8/LWN8+E0S'

\02[0X5#^0&65GZ3#][L]%4RRO*



M'6#J3VVW35@A*(%[
UIT#U6Q1D(('X_88&)!;M@[AE`3E&^XVF.+E@!&+$
M;+TIUY!B\GD@BRAFWJP\.%$N37X5X*&7UATU)H%L

9I^G





MS2^Z?/.'DA+8



MUY83?X2V0CV
P5IF;W8P(LM

M9SULTZYWZ

F!I!
.RX]18(W@6R\5`7J8Z
M&$U700SW44)U]Z\:U;U#9_Z_5?=$:67X!;TC%X\;7(%8ZJ.4\N&=UXOSLR
M\X-B9A'DB^&4\GX=C@V)24J.MX4L&8A64*4[YL%_&.G$=:\GBO2Z?6:3S9



4&


M0JT6\XY1F(A
A5F#8O_#!HAEI':L+7([W%M$*26K:RV=XSJM10Y$IDMC+7

MZ@











M%




_

MY/PQOP-J.ILH7+AN:!3?$_C_R0
9!WZ2Y%-&SL3D]ZS(AE.A1^K7
6L*N$1Q
MVF^F9LW06LI[BT%S?DU81O0DI7



B

M]26OJ`E4]=ANJ07.5C)C#'KP0&!ARPAL@*)9$0J;W\!+2C=I.).&C2GJ`ET]
Y@XZ^$K:8JIU4#5KS#G$D4&PZ?30$;L!
P8=XMS3*Z`:1#QH-@'D]=@V




MEC^=AZP:+(GFS0(=**)KE!)3+91-H0]C!!?Q@NZ&:?%]G;=&-@IZ1TTLB=R#
MWUH3;K(4=EG?:$CGV?R!T1R`4N3G'3BLK&(JRYZPNYWK]R#4@ZZS;P$7*$Z

6O5





M)W8DK&1


/PXJ2WO$
MH/U
G9#Q+[/H]?.$T$*B\


<VLA55<U/)7XYOFV3P!.*
M

O_
KS

76V$`1#-6=4E8)KK)3)K5\;Z6(9HU[9SAV#:5KP$#@PRM
M^A[E=XS)Y`'^/Z;CM#P[_QK2M(VN-6C7V_N8V?27L\:H[?D=72ZB5D^]OA(


M@


(PXBM




M*&^G
OOFO[&\CDJI;90#_A,8S61\7'Z;NMV&VW






MFJY%

V!&(5=[K<;;$&V:@*W**X6V=B$<*$)M&#'-L4=
M;D.J1[&V&Y%J6T`G2B
F5^HM-B-US`(5ZJ6ATW`!;:1



@B'ZP-/K)

D!C&\O-^15Q(HS(YZ#0!A3BW++:3
MG[E-8`_!L[`^8WX[/&S/)=4';G2Z6#4#M'PI)M(FR%NNC#'H+?8H7P-H1=



NF^`N86J;13']5RXLY=Y
71F80F$0%

M(KB:T-:PE9(75P)F4

`#8BV\HNTR3K=.O+H3A+9W[@MX
=Y


L@!EX\C6.DN37
9^P.CXZM/P@H6BDB?_
MS4#-C-OV]HY1!%)VJG4-6;&5PP3?U*9#




S&=[2'


#Z(V*W$2NNJ1V9E
M=;R]K0P]S?OV.'XADRP@H^GR.^^R+!6BXM`C]^]@JBFKNWWE@/!L;!
R_F46

IO##]AP*O_+NR
P/KO

M*5
1]%4B.%I/0]ROL#



M.:\(#*'PL8MD9[A3KF`:QDMUZZO=5P3Z/:;EG:1%0'()A9

M]0E@'84SWTR3[*+'D;FTXPE'[G^250.24`0-6)IL5HAL)2]UZI^ZC

MX-MY(*\DS*0Q9\LB`!J%:5`D#K[P-GL_I-?JHB0=34MX
D=[M1RP@
+R9R9#

8#@K#F!W

O).0Q#76L1+5FPL@&IM@5T

M^Q33IH#*'MI(FZ$4*$PO3:&Z#*@.


MN1K=;8J!HT

M*%Y$


BRRA(4F2\_$_
YKD%D?%QD%0`ZA!81#3WRA(@0PB


4FSM-:=0/




7^A%QF
2
0%JKO43@N_D

MWH5(-8P+RKK`%JX`)I
E0@5K0$*6QNC?`AH[0Y$M8`A%#D#6NT/ZX&%'P@
M-'4:K0`&K0%*(QWK71#=!6\(+3YSAO




&I(5M73G7I
M&H-T:^*6BSJ1@_CNS\7Q6
T:\HY.G5I%&XE0H@6&P-W:Q?G*4%']I2=7&K@E
MK@`8G5H^VTB&(V



AH

M#
G


=F0K40@NJ
MVV=YK.I#5T\S(
EZHB5.J2JH0`XI/4[W3S
@28'27BW4
`=THZ!UXF]DZ='T


.9


ZL0
7CFD_(^)=9]/IY0FBAPO##


MNDWMHA*7CGWT;B]X,'=YMS0.$F_9G[LPTE&'+HD*@JX4/A$Y+S7=R]B+&Z]
MY5P9/9)Q%$[TA,0M\A0;#Q-I20!
P0G]EV4)!N[;YD'2UT)B

U<@&X0)F7(RFE]!7FM[X8_;R]WOIZ+Z(
MXCCZP9YI]!?P%^[2VJ098`_%18&VR9CI(Y=REW


M

_#



M/(DI9
N'
@3#9^L'IDY1^#


0C99

FO+
E_!-


*H2:`6LU725&D:8&^=
M9@Z1EX_/Q'U
%CY=[9*


VCDMK5/=(5Q]5I[B

L='JW;!KK=!_+L?CZ2D6$K8`SQ-`6_V'B'I^%DQ6T&
M2'0?Y].M1DEPVWI]%+GRY(\QM5&;2@-`7!\\#6T5IH881X08MJQG)_O#.];S









T*VM
Q



BK@104&P&E&SS



?G+:=^4


(B@#\M`\^.&
*%;&51G@







MY*
@&!3F8ULJ)E'@#OD;4.R

^`;U*%5GZ._\V2`N%^7P'




)RB/5O@1@&
M8YT^LW]^D]-FR2A=Q&C!?!^G_314EQ]A8)I<AL6^5N^QO(LK!U\#:0R&.-S
M=\HL)&Y(YF:V`;I-DHQ

MR
M@\FRV'8DW43PE-

9
M@!JN8G=


L^U

8]+AIP:BO9


MU2WX_3VG?L0&4A4
=;N






M?$X'S6870'3]OF;5HT'#8[[U/?8A9!51



TI.$)HS$)?UX17=V*/.R'6;FQJ/FJ)2%C
%=$


\(K$XK*.!0TQ`6SK8AF&++++[99B7U$M!B3@N&6RB^U$';BM



MGX\[3EZ-''
1W9HLO6LS[NS=#G0=XXF?IN7YC/\K+O4:`-I06*EL*8`@
M2


M2E-)









Z]D/%OD)1#6#CV*.;3)5R
$-Z*45R1M5Q\^E4
M![)1V&5M'\RUH=MZ6P6%OK!M]P-Y)6%&OA.I\7.S)%!XU*%MM@$8N?!LO7Z
M2EWN[7'9_.Y'[^/IBPLU`_?D]&,.]4.'L@20;:`;L39@&%U8T_$GYYRA
M'




M\`WO!



XLT5`(;5.2W

M+


MSH5R0_
APUJW
&WJ`P'#<B<7.8J4!^F%!-MVE(
M56+0B*H49R(=5%2EVURD0N95497B]*-.\_;6=$X6TRBO`!B=6B7
AI`.ED$$





`5A!
M$65H+&L9'$OF`O=/A^/LWD6

=


M;I

6`!0WY`T%6D-@ZW8%&E$RE2T`7F4Q[OOBX[EP+^3'_F?Y#.Q
M3@-`'BY3F/YXUL1F[8:#\X7X?/)[EJ2YH^XI$IPP


MZF=!JP]J4C[;S
6PD8C:!)^DWDKY$LG.?3G68_5&X
M7

M;+[EW;CHB8





+
]OQWF8!4F#3T]0A

)HD*BP
M+4(']!)=JU'=U00





6K*].=*O
V8FT9#YSI'2W\X7/XN^%[YNW:L\[
M.4
V=Z?\V0'C-K*






MN_'R('O%
AS3@&Q


Z






OY[Z5XZ'_\SHS'15!1)-:`(
MA?/
LGHH$0N4HI=6[1I:8!&6W?2=7?!F6:Q8)IP%*V*B)

ME94SOQ*G0&V



FCA^
MAP'RFQ]DYMJQ51](0Q'A:$
MN-`$^F!LD5[D.@?=C-
/H14HO*K=:(70.WIH
M'!-=:

`)-*.'9N;;


MD`E$W$L3[)*7[U$XAA_7D1KA1'#T+MX\U9CMVS8-9*/P2IIO#]JC%JA8#W-3
MEQ=MMQ^EA8&5
112_9'6A/
ZO6P(W1
FE0(-`58UMK?3K:Z7M;W_T46!E-
M+[($QEGBY'FM43SSPS+![/K]KR+Y['T%\&A:BM8/UD^#:4R)5MH'A3ET-9J7
MPKDBR3BFB[+K%WYD]&TBN`)5.`BD'OPS!OS3G'8*W*D3_PFU)CZ14QQU/!

)HMX+G;3SPDHP@1\Y.\[+

NQY[__Z9=?D9M@8YN?\?4$L#!!0````(`&F!

``*K2```0`!P`;65D+3(P
30Q
C

A[3:6XQEKMJ'$I^Z*^0]TP[PM
M-=A5:^W[V\M.!_-MF




M$;L?/W[LB*]1TL!KKRC=QHE!8PN15'X0BFN_[;9CU5T:3F#[[NY01H\99ROG
MJ2
_8K:+HVR!ZT(-5.637S/*
QG/S@
?




MTO0-0K8;QPBPD^G9YL#VN;\;`4UW(TIJ$0[JT::(2X_*-]F2VUSPV7W;A8XQ
MRIY\!%(DI$42Q#YUCBG\_G?'Y`./F6/[S^(9$/2`FLB+W8;
+Y/H\^X+*9O3
MH)816


M;!?%82/?'1#^0P-C(1AC[7KCY0C

M]

M[17S1O;


M/6$246Y@5




M\+P%GRD:6_*3Z?&Z.

F'_JC1
MNW9XQB#-G#Y'6D^^T.O\0WJ(QI`

3TD.*;









M0.([B7#1/K



@/-E;+


/J4/

6`+9()X@B/]A;&'*ED3
MV5IXPY]XMW;9\JH%%:`=76SX-Y#Y['EC12FP`

/ZQ,Z\CE1UR69XD^F=7-@R8*_VE&^-KYJ=\_;%]VS


MA?3UM6*PL=D*#P




7:'9WW!85



'O05=


M7#M@`:







MS6E=^

`UJF[*;]++G2;%N_:J4]3(
MY\0^;SB@X=?%D,GF2B'G'[!E4);G+G!Z'Q=A%#QI1!CZ$*%67.OUM'G0DSF
M5+5X[GNRWGEX.7!MI
OG4#510NTOXV5/[
FD=WSAN-
:N35Z[E3F5?ZE!+4S


M9^;Y;Q

S*7?A)XRY3I=7:/-
!X

-O*
*ISJY(*!0@,^8G$5Y,=?OE0+;
M*GZ5@?^%O]?,./1*5
L.*!V?:7


C`Q-#$R
M


#$T
3(S
5]D

M1FE-&:5.=P``E('`!0`&````````0```*2!@ID!`&UE9TR
#$T
3(S
5]L


#````
`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life
        


        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life
        


        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life
        


        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life
        


        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


        
        


        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      














Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
$ 22
509
000
$ 32
832
000
$ 38
135
000


        
(13
150
000)
(4
856
000)
(3
898
000)


        
(5
302
000)
(1
690
000)
(1
332
000)


Loss from discontinued operations
 net of tax
$ (7
848
000)
$ (3
166
000)
$ (2
566
000)




        
          

        
          
            

 before tax expense or benefit and not previously recognized
 resulting from the sale of a business component.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or subsequent
 write-down to fair value (less cost to sell) of a of a disposal group that is classified as a component of the entity
 which remains unsold as of the reporting date. May include a tax on the (gain) for the recognition of a subsequent increase in fair value (less cost to sell)
 but not in excess of the cumulative loss previously recognized through write-downs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including a component of the entity (discontinued operation)
 during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income tax
 reported as a separate component of income before extraordinary items after deduction or consideration of the amount allocable to noncontrolling interests. Includes
 net of tax
 income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 provision (or any reversals of earlier provisions) for loss on disposal
 and adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 Inventories consisted of the following at December 31
4
410
5
381
920
757
1
108
855
9
689
10
809
(392
(265
15
735
17
537
000




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
              
 -Subparagraph a
b
c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      


















        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 3
700
000
        
        
        


        
        
10
600
000
        
        


Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
 Intraperiod Tax Allocation
        
4
905
000
9
978
000
7
400
000


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Tax Credit Carryforward
 Amount
        
$ 197
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 discontinued operations
 extraordinary items
 other comprehensive income
 and items charged or credited directly to shareholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          







        
        


        
        


        
$ 248
000


        
248
000


        
        


        
        


        
        


Capital Leases
 Total minimum lease payments
496
000


        
22
000


        
474
000


        
232
000


        
242
000


        
        


        
        


        
4
471
000


        
3
633
000


        
1
967
000


        
488
000


        
71
000


Operating Leases
 Total minimum lease payments
$ 10
630
000




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      














Realized Gain (Loss) on Marketable Securities
 Cost Method Investments
 and Other Investments
$ 771
000
$ 74
000
$ (2
000)




        
          

        
          
            

 available-for-sale
 or held-to-maturity and any gains or losses realized during the period from the sale of investments accounted for under the cost method of accounting and/or investments that are separately or otherwise not categorized as trading
 available-for-sale
 or held-to-maturity. Additionally
 this item would include any losses recognized for other than temporary impairments (OTTI) of the subject investments in debt and equity securities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Shares
 Outstanding Beginning Balance
        


Shares
 Granted
70
542


Shares
 Exercised
        


Shares
 Forfeited
(2
778)


Shares
 Expired
        


Shares
 Outstanding Ending Balance
67
375


Shares
 Exerciseable
4
662


Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding Beginning Balance
        


Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Granted
        


Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Exercised
        


Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Forfeited
        


Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Expired
        


Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Oustanding Ending Balance
        


Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Exerciseable
        


Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Life (Yrs)
 Outstanding
        


Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Life (Yrs)
 Exerciseable
        


Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Outstanding
$ 505
286


Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Exerciseable
$ 43
310




        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were expired during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including both vested and non-vested options.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Discontinued Operations
 Exit Activities
 and Clinic Obligations - Additional Information (Detail) (USD $)

        
        

      














Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
$ 6
534
000
$ 1
361
000
        


        
        
        
        


Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
8
600
000
        
        


        
600
000
        
        


        
3
300
000
        
        


        
500
000
        
        


        
900
000
        
        


        
6
500
000
        
        


        
600
000
        
        


        
400
000
        
        


Discontinued Operation
 Gain (Loss) on Disposal of Discontinued Operation
 Net of Tax
200
000
        
        


        
4
400
000
        
        


        
7
400
000
2
100
000
        


        
$ 4
600
000
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after tax expense or benefit and not previously recognized
 resulting from the sale of a business component.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.
              
 -Subsection 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
$ 10
664
000
$ 11
908
000
$ 9
914
000


        
(5
302
000)
(1
690
000)
(1
332
000)


Stockholders' equity
 unrealized gain (loss) on investment securities
(182
000)
143
000
83
000


Additional paid in capital
 share-based compensation tax benefit
(275
000)
(383
000)
(1
265
000)


        
$ 4
905
000
$ 9
978
000
$ 7
400
000




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 excess tax benefit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 gain (loss) on disposal
 provision (or any reversals of earlier provisions) for loss on disposal
 and adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 discontinued operations
 extraordinary items
 other comprehensive income
 and items charged or credited directly to shareholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
- The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries
 Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 Take Shape For Life
 Inc.
 Seven Crondall Associates
 LLC
 Jason Properties
 LLC
 Medifast Franchise Systems
 Inc.
 Medifast Nutrition
 Inc. and Jason Enterprises
- Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on deposit in financial institutions
&#150; Our cash and cash equivalents and available-for-sale securities are maintained at several financial institutions
 and the balances with these financial institutions often exceed the amount of insurance provided on such accounts by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The cash and cash equivalents generally are maintained with financial institutions with reputable credit
 and therefore bear minimal credit risk. Historically
Our financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents
 investment in available-for-sale securities
 trade receivables and debt. The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents
 - Accounts receivable are recorded net of reserves for sales returns and allowances
We review the reserves for customer returns at each reporting period and adjust them to reflect data available at that time. To estimate reserves for returns
 we consider actual return rates in preceding periods. To the extent the estimate of returns changes
 we will adjust the reserve
 which will impact the amount of product sales revenue recognized in the period of the adjustment. Our estimates for returns have not differed materially from our actual returns. The provision for estimated returns as of December 31

525

Allowances for doubtful accounts are based primarily on an analysis of aged accounts receivable balances and the credit worthiness of our customers as determined by credit checks and analysis
 as well as customer payment history. The allowance for doubtful accounts as of December 31

122

 Inventories consist principally of packaged meal replacements held in the Company&#8217;s warehouses. Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or market
 utilizing the first-in
 first-out method. The cost of finished goods includes the cost of raw materials
 packaging supplies
 direct and indirect labor and other indirect manufacturing costs. On a quarterly basis
The Company&#8217;s investments consist of debt and equity securities classified as available-for-sale securities. Available-for-sale securities are stated at fair value
 and unrealized holding gains and losses
 net of the related deferred tax effect
 are reported as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income in stockholders' equity. Interest and dividends on marketable debt and equity securities are recognized in income when declared. Realized gains and losses
 including losses from declines in value of specific securities determined by management to be other-than-temporary
 if any
The benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more-likely-than-not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
We evaluated our tax positions and determined that we did not have any material uncertain tax positions requiring recognition of a liability. Our policy is to recognize interest and penalties accrued on uncertain tax positions as part of income tax expense. For the years ending December 31
 2014 and 2013
 no material estimated interest or penalties were recognized for the uncertainty of certain tax positions. We file income tax returns in the United States and various states jurisdictions. With few exceptions
 we are no longer subject to U.S. federal
Deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred
 except for the preparation
 layout
 design and production of advertising costs which are expensed when the advertisement is first used. Advertising expense for continuing operations
 excluding broker fees
 for the years ended December 31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 million
 million
 million
Medifast leases retail stores
 distribution facilities
 and office space under operating leases. Many of our lease agreements contain tenant improvement allowances
 rent holidays
 rent escalation clauses
 and contingent rent provisions. The Company recognizes incentives and minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases. We commence recording rent expense on the date of initial possession
 which is generally when we enter the space and begin to make improvements to properties for our intended use. For tenant improvement allowances and rent holidays
For scheduled rent escalation clauses during the lease terms or for rental payments commencing at a date other than the date of initial occupancy
 we record minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases on the consolidated statements of income. Several leases provide for contingent rents
- Clinic closure costs are expensed and recognized as a liability at their fair value when incurred. One-time employee severance costs are expensed and recognized as a liability when the plan is finalized by management
 approved and committed to by management
Property
 Plant
Property
Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows
 - Revenue is recognized net of discounts
 rebates
 promotional adjustments
 price adjustments
 and estimated returns and upon transfer of title and risk to the customer which occurs at shipping (F.O.B. terms). Upon shipment
- Our shipping and handling costs for shipments of our product to our customers are included in cost of sales. All shipping and handling charges that are billed to customers are included in net revenue. All other shipping and handling costs are included in selling
21
029
27
135
18
442
(7
848
(3
166
(2
566
13
181
23
969
15
876
12
670
13
774
13
721
107
43
17
12
778
13
817
13
739
 62

 2014 that could potentially dilute base earnings per share in the future. No options were excluded from the calculation for years ended December 31
Share-based compensation
 primarily restricted stock awards to employees and directors
 is measured at the grant date
 based on the calculated fair value of the award
Other comprehensive income (loss) refers to revenues
 expenses
We have considered all new accounting pronouncements and have concluded that there are no new pronouncements that may have a material impact on our results of operations
 financial condition
 or cash flows
 based on current information
 except for Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) 2014-09
 and ASU 2014-08

ASU 2014-09
 
 requires the Company to recognize revenue for the transfer of goods or services to customers for the amount the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The Company will be required to identify the contract
 identify the relevant performance obligations
 determine the transaction price
 allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract
 and recognize the revenue when the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The provisions of this ASU are effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
ASU 2014-08

 and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity
 raises the threshold for a disposal to qualify as a discontinued operation and requires new disclosures of both discontinued operations and certain other disposals that do not meet the definition of a discontinued operation. It is effective for annual periods beginning on or after December 15
 2014. The Company elected early option of the pronouncement and accounted for the discontinued operations of the Medifast Corporate Weight Control Center channel in accordance with these guidelines.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      






        
        


        
        


        

  2015




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pending or threatened litigation
 including arbitration and mediation proceedings.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B
C=C9#!B-U\V
F9E7S0R-S5?831C8E\T-6(R
M-#$S.#
T96



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B,C=C9#!B-U\V,F9E7S0R-S5?831C8E\T
M-6(R-#$S.#,T96,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8C(W
M8V0P8C=?-C)F95\T

C0Q





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


241!5$5$
M7T)!3$%.0T5?4TA%1513/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@
M(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T],241!5$5$7T)!3$%.0T5?4TA%15137U!A/]X.DYA

241!5$5$
M7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?24Y#/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T],241!5$5$7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?0T]-/]X

MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T]
241!
M5$5$7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?0TA!/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H




M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^3F%T=7)E


O4VAE970P.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@

M='



#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H
M965T
3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z

3





M:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4TA!4D505-%1%]#3TU014Y3051)3TX\


3TY'5$52
M35]$14)47T%.1%]



O4VAE














M54Y44U]005E!0DQ%7T%.1%]!0T-2545$7T4Q/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z




O4VAE



S`N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K

\


M24Y5141?3U!%4D%424].4U]%6$E47T$Q/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R


R+FAT;6PB


M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^16%R

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E

M=#
















M36EN:6UU;5]296YT86Q?86YD7TQE87





96%S







M;VY?06QL;V













M+U-H965T-3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@

N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@




O



&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@
#I.
M86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E
M='


M+U-H965T-C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@




^

^#0H@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:V)O;VL^
M#0H\+WAM;#X\(5ME;F1I9ETM+3X-CPO:&5A9#X-B`@/&)O9'D^#0H@(`\

3X-CPO:'1M;#X-@T*
M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B
C=C9#!B-U\V
F9E7S0R-S5?831C8E\T-6(R
M-#$S.#
T96







]


]

]


]
T1T:#Y-87(N

M;BX@
S`L(#(P



]
M

]
T1T97AT/C$P





]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@4&5R:6]D($5N9!$871E/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y$96,@,S$L#0H)3(P







]



]






]

]
T1T
M97AT/BTM
3(M





]
T1R93X-

]
T1T


M






]
T1T97AT/D%C8V5L97)A










]

]


]


]

M8C=?-C)F95\T

C0Q

O4VAE
M970P
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQS=')O


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q






#`\

M(#
V+#
X
BPP

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4M;F5T(&]F(&%L;&]W


@
M;V8@)#
U-PP,#`@86YD(0U-C0L
#`P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L





]




#`P





]
T1N=6UP/C4L
#DY
M+#`P


]

]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L.34W+#`P


]


@;V8@9&ES8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]
T1R;W4^



]


]

M







]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3W1H97(@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@



T1T;W`^3&]N9RUT97)M




T1T;W`^5$]404P@

34L.3$P
M+#`P








BPR
S`L
#`P/'-P

M;F-O;64@=&%X97

]
M
T1N=6UP/CDY+#`P

]
T1P


S(L
#`P

M
C(R+#`P

]


M-3@L




C8L.30T+#`P



]







]


]

M;7`^
BPW-38L




S0L

S0L
C
T+#`P


]


]





V
M-2PV.3`@86YD(#$S+#$T
RPS
#D@:7-S=65D(#$R+#`W-2PW-C0@86YD(#$S

3(L

3
L



M86QI9VX]




]


]
T1R;W4^#0H@




]
T1N=6UP/CDX+#0Q-BPP





BPV-3`L


C=C9#!B-U\V
F9E
M7S0R-S5?831C8E\T-6(R-#$S.#
T96

M


S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]







#$\


2PU
#`L

2PU
#`L




]
T1R;SX-


]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!S:&%R97
@875T:&]R

]
T1N=6UP
M/C(P+#`P


]




T1T;W`^0V]M
M;6]N('-T;V-K+!O=71S=&%N9&EN9SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S

3(L



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B]B
C=C9#!B-U\V
F9E7S0R-S5?831C8E\T-6(R-#$S.#
T96
O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]



]
M

]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P




T1T;W`^0V]S

M




BPV-C(L

]


]
T1N=6UP/C(T


]


]


T1T;W`^26YC;VUE(&9R;VT@

]
M
T1N=6UP/C
X+#0Q










T1T;W`^

M
S$L

M1&YU;7`^
3(T+#`P


]



]
T1N=6UP/C$L
C$V+#`P





2PV.3
L

SDL
#0S+#`P



]


3$L.3`X+#`P



T1T


2PP
CDL


3
U+#`P
#QS

]

M-#@L

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+#4V-BPP

]

RPY
M-CDL







M=&EO;G

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M

M86QI9VX]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2XQ-CQS

]



\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@









]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
2XP

]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]


]


]

2PY



RPX

3
L-S






]




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



2PP



M+#@W-BPP




]
M

]
M

]




C4W+#`P


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@




]
T1N=6T^*#$Q
BPP

]

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R-C@L




]

]
T1N=6UP/C$U







]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C0L
3$Y+#`P

M

C0Q
S@S-&5C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+V(R-V-D
&(W7S8R9F5?-#(W-5]A-&-B7S0U8C(T
3
X
S1E8R]7



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5*
T-)/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S



]
T1T:#Y#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL\8G(^


M;V-K/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$


M;F-E(&%T($1E8RX@
S$L(#(P

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
38L






#$Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


3`L


&5S










I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S








]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#(L-S8T+#`P
M


]


34W+#`P


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$U-RPP




2P@
M
C`Q

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$V+#`P


]



]


]
T1R;SX-

I










]
M
T1N=6UP/C
L
C`Y+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C
L
C`Y+#`P


]




]


]



]

#`P*3QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+#@P
M
RPP


M1&YU;7`^-#8L-3@Y+#`P

]
M


]
M

]
M


M9VX]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(S+#DV.2PP








34P+#`P



T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!$96,N
M(#,Q+`R


]



T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92`H:6X@

#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L


RPQ-#
L







@:7-S=65D('1O(&5X96-U
M=&EV97



]


]




BPW-C8L
M


M;7`^
BPW-C8L





]
T1N=6UP/C(W-2PP
#`\


M-S4L





\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


S
L.#DT+#`P

]
M


]

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#`P




RPX.30L
M






]



M;VX@:6YV97-T;65N='






C8X+#`P


]

#`P/'-P


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-S@L.#DW+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]

N(#
Q+`R,#$T/]T9#X-B`@(`@







M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B,C=C9#!B-U\V,F9E7S0R-S5?
M831C8E\T-6(R-#$S.#,T96,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO8C(W8V0P8C=?-C)F95\T

C0Q

M:&5E='
O4VAE970P-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M

241!5$5$(%-4051%345.5%

]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#

M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]






]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
3
L
3@Q+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

#QS

]

#`I/'-P

RPQ
M-C8L



]
T1N
M=6UP/C(W+#$S-2PP









M


M:71I97



]

RPY
3@L
#`P/'-P86X^

RPR
#DL
M

M;7`^
BPX-3`L



]
T1N=6UP/C(X-BPP

C@L



]

CDL




]


]



]


M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

BPP



S0L


]


]
T1N=6T^*#
T.2PP

C`T+#`P


#`I/'-P




M1&YU;7`^-S0V+#`P


]

]
T1N=6T^
M*#
W-BPP


2PT





]
T1N=6UP
M/C0L-38Q+#`P



]
T1N=6UP/C(W+#



M



]
T1N=6UP/C$W
BPP

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V-S0L
M



]


]

M26YV97-T:6YG($%C=&EV:71I97


]


S8L
#`P

M
30L
S4Y+#`P


]
M
T1N=6T^*#(U+#
U-2PP





]
T1N=6T^*#$Q+#
X-BPP


M87-H('5S960@:6X@:6YV97-T:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97


]
M
T1N=6T^*#(R+#
X
BPP



M960@8GD@*'5S960@:6XI(&EN=F5S=&EN9R!A8W1I=FET:65S+2!D:7-C;VYT


]
T1N=6T^*#(R



M:6X@:6YV97-T:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97

BPV
#(L


#`I/'-P





]
T1N=6T^*#
L-C0Q+#`P
M




]
T1N=6UP/C(V+#`P



T1T

]
T1N=6UP/C`\



]
T1N=6UP/C(W-2PP
#`\

M.#
L

M1&YU;7`^
2PR-C4L



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R

]
M
T1N=6T^*#(L-S8T+#`P


]

M9R!A8W1I=FET:65S+2!C;VYT:6YU:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G



M+#DR-2PP





M9R!A8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S


]
T1N=6T^*#(S+#
Q
RPP


BPY
C4L



3$L.3(S+#`P

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S+#4U-2PP,#`I/'-P86X^/]S


T1T


M.#(L

M1&YU;7`^
SDL.3
W+#`P


]



S8L
S@R+#`P


]
M




S$L



3(S+#`P


]

]

2PP
#`\

M+#DX
RPP


RPP



]



M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8C(W8V0P8C=?-C)F95\T

M7V$T8V)?-#5B
C0Q










]






M5#H@


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2






'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I






T0G

'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


X
C(P.T-O;7!A;GDF(S@R
C$[(&]R(8C.#(R,#M-961I
M9F%S=8C.#(R


M='


:69E+!);F,N+!*87-O


M9!S86QE(&]F('=E:6=H=!L;W-S(&%N9!W96EG:'0@;6%N86=E;65N=!P






T0G0TQ%05(Z

'!T)SXF(S$V

M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
M



@86YD(&]T:&5R(&-O;G-U;6%B;&4@:&5A;'1H(&%N


@8VAA;FYE;'








C`[1E1#)B
X
C(Q.RDL






M87)T7V(R-V-D
&(W7S8R9F5?-#(W-5]A-&-B7S0U8C(T
3
X
S1E8PT*0V]N





]

M



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M4&]L:6-I97



]
T1T97AT


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@




'!T
M.TU!4D=)3CH@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@



@9F]L;&]W960@

M:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W

M86QI9VX]

3!P

14%2.F)O
M=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@/]F;VYT/E!R:6YC:7!L97



M975T:6-A;'


L($Q




@86YD(&)A;&%N

'!T)SX\+V9O;G0^


M
'!T)SXF(S$V

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@












@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@


T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


'!T)SXF(S$U




@;6%N86=E;65N






M3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I
M;B`P:6X@

T0G1D].

M



M='






M86QI9VX]

3!P

14%2.F)O
M=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@/]F;VYT/D-O;F-E;G1R871I;VX@;V8@0W)E








14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


Q




M25I%.B`Q









M9VX]



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-

M:6X@



@3F5W

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M4TE:13H@

M(%)E='5R;G

M;W5N='



@9F]R(&1O=6)T9G5L(&%C8V]U;G1S+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
&EN(#!I;B`P

#L\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@






M97
@9F]R(')E='5R;G






2P@




T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@

M.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@






M=V%N8V4@9F]R(&1O=6)T9G5L(&%C8V]U;G1S(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q
M+`R,#$T(&%N9`R




M;&4]

'!T)SX\+V9O



M


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/

M1TE..B`P:6X@

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

@:6YC;'5D97
@=&AE


M.R!&3TY4+49!34E




T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


@86YD





@



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG<V5R
M:68G.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P<'0G/CPO9F]N=#X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#
M3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E

'!T)SX@/]F;VYT/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

M=#Y);F-O;64@5&%X97
@)B


M96UE;G1S(&EN('1H92!P97)I;V0@9'5R:6YG('=H:6-H+!B87-E9!O;B!A










@=&AA=!W;W5L9!B92!P



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-
M05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#QD


'!T




'!E;G-E+B!&;W(@=&AE('EE
M87)S(&5N9&EN9R!$96-E;6)E<B`S,2P@,C`Q-!A;F0@
C`Q
RP@;F\@;6%T






@8F5F;W)E(#(P

T1J=7-T:69Y



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M




M='

@

M13H@

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/

M1TE..B`P:6X@


M9VX]



@87)E(&5X



M96UE;G0@:7

L

@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30L(#(P
3
L


M

M+49!34E





14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I

&EN


T1J=7-T:69Y



M.B`Q





@9V5N97)A;&QY

M(&]N('1H92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@8F%L86YC92!S:&5E='
@86YD(&%M;W)T

@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T






M96YT86P@97AP96YS97


@


M8FEL:71Y(&]N('1H92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@8F%L86YC92!S:&5E='
@86YD
M('1H92!C;W)R97-P;VYD:6YG(')E;G0@97AP96YS92!W:&5N('=E(&1E=&5R

63H@

M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P
M:6X@


T0G

'!T)SY#;&EN:6

M960@87

M25I%.B`Q

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@

'!T)SXF(S$V

@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A


@




M4TE:13H@

M;&EA8FEL:71Y('=H96X@=&AE('!L86X@:7



@:6YC=7)R960N

'!T)SX\+V9O



M


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/

M1TE..B`P:6X@

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

M.B`G5&EM97


'!T)SY0

M=&EO;BX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97






M/3-$)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&


Q-C`[


M3TY4+49!34E


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M

P
#`P

M0D]45$]-.B`P:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`M0T]

#`P
#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ


M.TU!4D=)3CH@




M;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU
1494.B`P:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`S


M4TE:13H@


&EN.R!724142#H@-C`E.R!0041$


M3CH@



T0G1D].

M.B`Q


M;W1H.TU!4D=)3CH@




M(#!I;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU


M)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[34%21TE..B`P:6X@
&EN(#!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BQS97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
G!T)R!A;&EG





'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)



3!P

M='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
&EN.R!0041$24Y'
M+4Q%1E0Z(#!I;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@
&EN.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#H@
M
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M-
M05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

M4CIB;W1H.TU!4D=)3CH@




&EN(#!I

M3E0M4TE:13H@



'!T)SXF(S$V
M


&EN.R!0041$



M3E0M4TE:13H@

'!T

'!T)SX\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@




M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@



@:7
@=&AE


M3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I
M;B`P:6X@

T1J


M/B8C

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M

M.B`P:6X@
&EN(#!P=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@=')A;G-P87)E;G0G(&%L:6=N






M='


@97-T:6UA=&5D


M.B`Q

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


T0G

'!T)SX@

M3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E


M.B`Q
'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG




3!P

@













M25I%.B`Q

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@

'!T)SXF(S$V

T0G

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1&IU


@3F5W(%)O;6%N






N($%L


M97AP96YS97

M


'!T)SXF(S$V

@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS


@3F5W(%)O








T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@

'!T)SXF(S$V

@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)SX@

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


@86YD(&1I;'5T960@

Q.CPO

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
M

M/B8C

'!T
M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!724142#H@


Y96(V8V4@
'!X('-O;&ED.R!-05)'24XZ(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z
M(#@U)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@3U9%4D9



M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B
M;W1H)SXF(S$V





M5$]-.B`C
#`P


M86X[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.24@

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!4CH@

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!4CH@


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!415A4+4%

M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@


CX@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXR,#$R/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

Q

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!4CH@8F]T

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE


#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P



24=..B!L969T.R!&



M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!4CH@

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4



#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

14%2
M.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/C(Q+#`R.2PP

M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF
M(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0X)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B
M;W1H)SXQ.PT-#(L

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]



P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0U

T0G0TQ%05(Z


#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%

M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q




M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@



M(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXH
M
RPQ-C8L

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G
M/B@R+#4V-BPP

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0U

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T

M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%

P
#`P
#`@
W!X

#`P
#L@

M=VED=&@]
T0X)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B
M;W1H)SXQ,RPQ.#$L,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9F9F9CL@0T]

M:60[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M

M15A4+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%


P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!
M4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]




#PO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q


M8V5E9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!
M4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T


P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

T0X)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
M
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

14%2.F)O=&@[
M0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M


M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M;&4]

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%



M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O
M=&@G/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T

14%2.F)O=&@[


T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%
M05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C

T0G5$58

M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z
M(&)O=&@G/C$R+#8W


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M




P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0X)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B
M;W1H)SXQ,RPW-S0L,#@S/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!4CH@


#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I

3

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T

14%2.F)O


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M


63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4

14%2
M.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$


24=..B!L


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z
M(&)O=&@G/B8C


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z

M1TA4.B`T

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD


M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
M


M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

#`G


M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N


P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV


M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

Q

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0U

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!4CH@

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
#L\


63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B
M;W1H)SXF(S$V

M3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%

14%2.F)O
M=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!4CH@8F]T

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED

M/3-$)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^



P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0X)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXQ,RPW,SDL.#(T/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%



M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

Q-C`[

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#
M3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D



P
#`P
#`@
W!X

T0X)3X@/&1I=B!S


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!
M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

T0G0TQ%05(Z

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

Q-C`[

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&

M14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@


M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF
M(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
M

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^


24=..B!L969T.R!&


Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

14%2.F)O=&@[
M0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q

M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0X)3X@


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I



T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!

M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV('-T

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M


M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P



M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]



M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXD/]D


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0X)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#
M3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXQ+C8V/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M

14%2
M.B!B;W1H)SXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!


P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].




P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0X)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H
M)SXQ+C,T/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L



M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL


M8V5E9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

P
#`P
#`@
M

M1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`S


14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B@P+C8R*3PO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q

24=..B!L


P
#`P
#`@




P
#`P
#`@

M=&@]
T0X)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H
M)SXH,XR

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'

M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%

M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

M1TA4.B`T

3@I/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD




1494.B`Q
W!X
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#4R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SY%

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M;W5B;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M.R!415A4+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z
M(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXQ

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M;W5B;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

2XW-#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

24=..B!L969T.R!&


P
#`P
#`@

M=&@]


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#
M3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M


P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P

M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!
M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P
M,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
#L\

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU4
M3U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H
M)SXF(S$V

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/]T

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

M/3-$)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D


M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B
M;W1H)SXF(S$V

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L
M93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H
M)SXF(S$V

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T


#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$


24=..B!L


Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4

14%2
M.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\
M='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0U

M

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M

14%2
M.B!B;W1H)SXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!


P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].




P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0X)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H
M)SXQ+CDV/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L


Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P

M.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXQ+C

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@




1494.B`Q
W!X.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4R
M)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SY
;W-S

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]


14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&

M14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P

M.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXH


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

P
#`P
#`@
M
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#-P


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N



M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
M
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

13H@


P
#`P
#`@

T0X)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,
M14%2.B!B;W1H)SXQ+C`S/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M965F9CL@0T]


M/3-$)T-

M1RU224=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
M
#`P


M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%

14%2.F)O
M=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P

M.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M965F9CL@0T]


M/3-$)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/C$N

M1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H
M)SXF(S$V


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SX@/]D:78^(#QF;VYT('-T




'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(&1I;'5T960@96%R;FEN9W




BPW
3
\+V9O;G0^(&]P=&EO;G
@;W5T


@96YD960@1&5C
M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P

'!T


M;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E


M

M=')I8W1E9!S=&]C:R!A=V%R9',@=&\@96UP;&]Y965S(&%N9!D:7)E8W1O


M3TY4+49!34E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-
M05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@


T0G0TQ%







M

M34E







'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
&EN(#!I;B`P



M.B`Q
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@





M8V5P=!F;W(@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9',@57!D871E(@F(S@R
C`[
M05-5)B
X
C(Q.RD@

@

M;G

6QE/3-$
M)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#$P<'0[34%21TE..B`P:6X@,&EN(#!P=<@86QI9VX]
T1J=7-T



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-

M:6X@

30M
#DL(#QI/B!2979E;G5E(&9R;VT@

M=6ER97


@


M;V)L:6=A=&EO;G


M;6%N8V4@;V)L:6=A=&EO;G


34L(#(P
38N($UA;F%G
M96UE;G0@:7


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
&EN


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


#$T


@






M9VAT($-O;G1R;VP@0V5N=&5R(&-H86YN96P@:6X@86-C;W)D86YC92!W:71H
M('1H97-E(&=U:61E;&EN97


M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B
C=C9#!B-U\V
F9E7S0R-S5?831C8E\T-6(R
M-#$S.#
T96


M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P






]

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@

]
M


]


]


3$N




RX@1FEN86YC



3!P



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


@







M1D%-24Q9.B!#86QI8G)I+'-A;G


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M
M24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T(#`N
C5I

M.B`Q


2`F(S$U









63H@0V%L:6)R:2QS

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




M;#L@34%21TE..B`P:6X@

T1J

@3F5W

Q


M2$5)1TA4.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P+C5I;CL@34%21TE..B`P
M:6X@

T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT






@=&AA


14%2.F)O=&@[3$E.


7!T)SX@



M86P[($U!4D=)3CH@

M+'-A;G



L(&=R;W-S




M34%21TE..B`P:6X@






M5$@Z(#$P

M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!C

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


38P.S(P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\
M+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0R.24^
M(#QD:78^)B

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!
M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W



P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G=VAI=&4M

24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#DE(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/D%C

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V


3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#DE(&-O;'-P86X]

#LF
M86UP.R8C

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P


M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(Y)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO



M+4%

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


'!T.R!615)4

#`P


3!P

M=VED=&@]

CX@/&1I=CY
;W-S97

M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M





#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#DE(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R
M/B`\9&EV/D9A:7(F(S$V

M


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#DE(&-O;'-P86X],T0R/B`\
M9&EV/D5Q=6EV86QE;G1S/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(Y)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#DE(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@


M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

24=.

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@

M=VED=&@]

CX@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M


P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#DE(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0R/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&YO

P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0Y)2!C

CX@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#DE(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/B8C
M



M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!L969T.R!&


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N


M24=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\


#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G

M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0X)3X@/&1I

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q

M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P




Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q

M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^
M)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L


M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#@E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
CDE/B`\9&EV/DQE

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4

M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q

M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P




Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q

M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M



T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C


M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/C4V-2PP

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!L969T.R!&


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N



#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T

M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M



P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXU-C4L

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4



M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO


M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(Y)3X@/&1I=CY-=71U86P@1G5N9'
\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M

S
L

#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E


L

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P



P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXQ

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


M15A4+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXS


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P



P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXV.34L

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M9F9F9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/B@S
M,2PP,#`I/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L


M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4



#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!1$1)

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXT+#`W
BPP

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

24=..B!L969T



M;VQI9#L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0X)3X@
M/&1I=CXT+#4U.2PP

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/C0Y+#`P

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L
M93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N


M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/C$U+#`P

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'


M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q



P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].


#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

#`\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P


M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(Y)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9F9F9CL@0T]

M:60[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/C@P-RPP
#`\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@

M=VED=&@]
T0X)3X@/&1I=CXH
38U+#`P
D\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z

M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/C$U+#`P
#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4

M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

M.B`T

M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#PO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]

M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\
M+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^
M)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L


M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#@E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\


M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0X)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L
M93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(Y)3X@/&1I=CY

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0X)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L
M93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C


M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M)B

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4

M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(Y
M)3X@/&1I=CY-=6YI8VEP86P@0F]N9'

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-



T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@


#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/C(X+#`P
#PO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C


M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/C
L-S4Q+#`P

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P


M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#(Y)3X@/&1I=CY#;W)P;W)A=&4@0F]N9',\+V1I=CX@/]T


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M


63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD
M:78^,CDL,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

M(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P


M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R

M9F9F9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

24=..B!L969T



M;VQI9#L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/C$P-RPP,#`\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/

M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/B@Q.2PP

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#@E/B`\9&EV/C8V+#`P

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!




P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%



P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P

M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(Y)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9CL@0T]

M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`Q

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!
M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z

M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P



P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M14E'2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9CL@0T]

M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q

M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L


S+#`P
#PO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-


M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q

M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R



#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXU
BPV-#0L
M

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0X)3X@/&1I
M=CXR-PT-3DL,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B



'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[)B


M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!


M.B`Q

M
#`P


M3E0M4TE:13H@


M8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L)B
Q-C`[
C`Q

M;&4]



'!T.R!6




M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B



#`P

M0T%
+4%


M/3-$



#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M:60[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W



P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G=VAI=&4M

24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M2%0Z(#0P


M5T5)1TA4.B`W



#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%




M;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
CDE/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\


M;W=R87`[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4
M+4%

'!T.R!615)424-!



M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O


CX@


P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z

M25I%.B`Q


M86X[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

M:#TS1#DE(&-O;'-P86X]

3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.24@8V]L


3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W

M;CTS1#(^(#QD:78^17%U:79A;&5N='

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\



M+4%

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/]T


M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL


#`G


M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P



M25I%.B`Q


M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T


M86X[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.24@

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



'!T.R!6


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU4


M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

M;VUA;CL@0T]

M:60[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M(#QD:78^)B

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M

M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#(Y)3X@/&1I=CY#87-H/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV


M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/C
P


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T

M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0X)3X@/&1I

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E


S`L
M.34X+#`P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^


M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L
M93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(Y)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD
M:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV


M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M9F9F9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0X
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0R.24^
M(#QD:78^3&5V96P@

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C


M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

M:78^)B

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4




P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'


C0L

#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E


T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\


#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

24=..B!L969T


M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^-2PT,C0L
M,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T


M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%



#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^-2PT,C0L,#`P/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I

M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\


#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&

#PO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q

M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/C$R-RPP

M(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^*#$V-PP

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'


M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO


M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV


T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\


#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&

M3U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(Y)3X@
M/&1I=CY#;W)P;W)A=&4@17%U:71Y(%-E8W5R:71I97

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P





T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV


M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/BT\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@


#`P

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P


T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))


3(L
#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M8V5E9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0X)3X@/&1I=CXH-#
L

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0


C8L

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P


M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P
M.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P




P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

C0L
M
#
W+#`P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD
M:78^,2PR-C4L,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

24=..B!L969T.R!&


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]

M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^*#(Q-BPP,#`I/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M


M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


T0X)3X@/&1I=CXR-BPP
#`\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

24=..B!R

M9F9F9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%


P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4


P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV
M/C4L-#(T+#`P

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]


M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0X
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C


M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

M:78^)B

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#(Y)3X@/&1I=CY

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]

M9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P




Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q

M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P


M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(Y)3X@/&1I=CY-=6YI8VEP86P@0F]N9'
\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M


M(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

M965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

24=..B!L969T


M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4

M24=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q


63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0X)3X@/&1I=CXS+#8U
BPP

M965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(Y
M)3X@/&1I=CY#;W)P;W)A=&4@0F]N9'

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&




#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

13H@



#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/C4X+#`P
#PO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

M(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E


24=..B!L



13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0X

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(Y)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z

M1TA4.B`T

M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z

M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P


M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
M
#`P


M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@

M=VED=&@]


M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXX
M
RPP

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

M.B`T

M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M1RU224=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
M
#`P


24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#(Y)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z

M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P



P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M14E'2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9CL@0T]

M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`Q

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!
M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z

M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P



P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M14E'2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'


#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

M9&]U8FQE.R!415A4+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^,2PT-#(L,#`P/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^*#(V,RPP,#`I/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[


P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N



P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#-P

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4




P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!L



M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9



M.B`P:6X@


M3TY4+49!34E



M1TE..B`P:6X@



'!T)SXW-S$L

2P@

!F;W(@
M=&AE('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@,S$L(#(P,3(N/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV









]








'!T(#0N-C5P
M=#L@1D].5#H@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M97

S$L
M(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P


M25I%.B`Q

T0G34%21TE..B`P:6X[(%=)
M1%1(.B`X


'!T


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q




M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT

'!T

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z



M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3
E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/C(P
3

13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

M(#0P


+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD
M:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

M


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M965F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M(#0P


3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXU+#
X
M
2PP

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-#(E/B`\9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58


+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\
M9&EV/CDR


M.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E




M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0T
B4^(#QD:78^3F]N+69O;V0@
M1FEN:7-H960@1V]O9'

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

24=..B!L969T



M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!1$1)

'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X@/&1I=CXQ+#$P.PP

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

24=..B!R

M8V5E9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^.#4U+#`P
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O



M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@
M/&1I=CXY+#8X.2PP

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

24=..B!R:6=H

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^
3`L.#`Y+#`P
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O



M(-C8V5E9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



'!T.R!615)4


'!T

M1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

M(#0P

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V5E9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V5E9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B@R-C4L

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97





24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/



'!T.R!615)424-!

24=..B!L969T



#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P



#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M


M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M+4%

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


'!T.R!615)4

T0G=VED=&@Z
M

T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M-C)F95\T

C0Q
S@S-&5C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(R-V-D
&(W7S8R9F5?-#(W-5]A-&-B7S0U8C(T
3
X
M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E



]
T1T



T1T;W`^


M/E!23U!%4E19+!03$%.5!!3D0@15%525!-14Y4/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

'!T(#!P



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S

63I4:6UE

M-2X@4%)/4$525%DL(%!
04Y4($%.1!%455)4$U%3E0\+V9O;G0^/]S=')O

M3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@





T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL


C`Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)SX@/&9O;G0@

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


3$%04T4Z(&-O

T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

3U(Z



'!T.R!615)4

#`P


3!P

M=VED=&@]


M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$T)2!C

CX@/&1I=CXR
#$S/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7



13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4


M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I=CXV-3`L

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS




M3U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'


T0Q
R4^(#QD:78^-C4P+#`P
#PO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R
M/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q


T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

M1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I=CXQ,RPS-#8L,#`P/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3
E/B`\9&EV/C$R+#
Y
2PP

M9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0T
M

M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV


M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I=CXU
M.2PU
#$L

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P

M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$




P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P


63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I=CXQ-34L,#`P/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4




P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0T
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$.4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
M
#`P


M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'


T0Q
R4^(#QD:78^-S
L-C0V+#`P
#PO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M:60[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M
M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P


M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO
M9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[


M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I=CXS


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@
M0T]

M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I=CXS-PT-S8L,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S

&EN(#!P



M3E0M4TE:13H@



@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P
3(@=V%S

'!T)SXX+#`U
BPP
#`\+V9O;G0^



'!T)SXW+#8X
RPP
#`\



M34E


RPQ-#0L
#`P/]F;VYT/BP@86YD(0\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

Q
M-C`[07




M


#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V



C=C9#!B
M-U\V
F9E7S0R-S5?831C8E\T-6(R-#$S.#
T96

M;G1E;G0]


M




M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@


@86YD($%C8W)U86QS(%M!8G-T


T1T
M;W`^04-#3U5.5%
@4$%904)


M34E

14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

#L\+V1I=CX@/&9O



'!T(#0N-C5P=#L@1D].5#H@
3!P

M(#QD:78^06-C;W5N='

2P@
C`Q


38P.SPO9F]N

'!T.U1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ3&5F=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P,4G/B`\=&%B

T0G34%21TE..B`P:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`X


M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-#(E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C


P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U19


24=..B!C96YT97([

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P
M.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q

M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXQ
BPQ-S@L
#`P

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q

M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXS+#@Y
PP,#`\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^-2PT
#
L
#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-#(E/B`\

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

M:78^)B

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^
2PS
S4L

#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q
B4^(#QD
M:78^
2PY.#`L

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V



M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^
RPT-C$L
#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]

M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXR
2PX-30L
#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXR
BPR
M
S`L

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#HQ



M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8C(W8V0P8C=?-C)F95\T

M8V)?-#5B
C0Q










M
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@



]




14%315

M



M)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4




@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-
M05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@


14%2.F)O
M=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



T1J=7-T




@9F]R('!R979I;W5S;'D@

#$S+`S-!#96YT97)S('1H870@=V5R92!C
M;&]S960@:6X@1&5C96UB97(@

@9'5R
M:6YG(#(P
30F(S$V

N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&%C8W)U

@;F5T(&]F


M3E0M4TE:13H@



L('5T


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


Q


M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

@8VAA;FYE;'
@86YD(&YE='=O

M87)E(&%C8V]U;G1E9!F;W(@87,@8V%P:71A;!L96%S97
N(%1H92!L96%S
M97


@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T


T0G0TQ%05(Z

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

M.B`G5&EM97


@;W5R(&9U

#$T.CPO9F]N=#X\

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
&EN(#!I



M25I%.B`Q

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@







#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q



M15A4+4%

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@



#`P

13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

CX@


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M


M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4P
M)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXR,#$U
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&


Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE

M)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P


14%2.B!B;W1H)SXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,
M14%2.B!B;W1H)SXR-#@L,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-


M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

T0G0TQ%

M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q

M1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H
M.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXS+#8S
RPP

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
#L\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P

M.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV
M/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L



M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@


M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q


#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^


24=..B!L969T.R!&


Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB
M;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXR,#$X/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#

M15A4+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M




P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%
M05(Z(&)O=&@G/C(P

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^


M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXW,2PP,#`\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXM

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0U


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B0\


63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M(#0P

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%


P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

#`P
#L@1D].

M=&@]
T0Q


T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T

14%2.F)O=&@[



T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!

M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXR
BPP

M1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H
M)SXF(S$V

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4P)3X@/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-



M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF
M(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M9F9F9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%
M4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B
M;W1H)SXT-S0L

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0U

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


M)B

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS


P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!
M4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB
M;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXR
S(L
#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^



P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0U


M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P

M.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

14%2.F)O=&@[
M0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T


M1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P



M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&

M14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-



M3TY4+49!34E


M




T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@


2P@
C`Q-P@,C`Q,R!A;F0@,C`Q,CH\+V1I
M=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63I4:6UE

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T

M4D=)3CH@

T1L969T/B`\
M='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U19

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(S)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB
M;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!4CH@8F]T


Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P


M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/C(P
3
\

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G





13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
#L\

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED

M)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4

14%2
M.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C

M;&4]

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



M4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V5E9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V5E9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H
M)SXF(S$V

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z

M(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXQ+#0P,PP
#`\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N




+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

14%2
M.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/C$L-#$U+#`P
#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%

M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^


13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

M;#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]



'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#(S)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H
M)SXF(S$V

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z
M(&)O=&@G/B8C

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0



#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV('-T

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/C@L-C0Y+#`P
#PO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

M3U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'





'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

T0G0TQ%05(Z

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[


14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/

P
#`P
#`@


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%
M4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B
M;W1H)SXU+#
W
2PP

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

14%2.F)O=&@[
M0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\+W1A8FQE

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S




T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@







C`Q




14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2

M5&EM97

M+49!34E


M;&4]

2XR/]F;VYT/B!M:6QL:6]N+`D/&9O;G0@


2XT/]F;VYT/B!M:6QL:6]N+!A;F0@

@3F5W(%)O;6%N









]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#



'!T



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I

63I4


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S

&EN(#!P

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO8CX\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E



#$P(&EN('1H92!5+E
N

Q-C`[
M36EN:V]W)B

N(AC;VQL96-T:79E;'DL(8C.#(R

C$[*2PF
M(S$V

F(S$V

38P.T-O96YE;B8C
38P
M.V%N9!397%U96YC92P@26YC+B`H8V]L;&5C=&EV96QY+`F(S@R
C`[0V]E
M;F5N)B
X




M87-T(&%N9!A('-T;V-K:&]L9&5R+!J;VEN960@=&AE(&QA=W-U:70@:6YD
M:79I9'5A;&QY+B8C
38P.U1H92!L87=S=6ET('-E96MS(0\9F]N=!S='EL



L('!U;FET:79E(&1A;6%G97





N)B


M('1H92!#;W5R=8C.#(Q-SMS(')U;&EN9RX@)B,Q-C`[3VX@2G5N92`T+`R
M
#$T+!T:&4@4&%N96P@;V8@=&AE(#ET:!#:7)C=6ET($-O=7)T(&]F($%P


M(S@R





X
C$W.W



@=&\@
M0V]E;F5N+B8C
38P.R!/;B!397!T96UB97(@
C8L(#(P
30L('1H92!$:7-T





@82!S=&%T=7
@8V]N9F5R96YC

M(#(P+`R,#$U+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB
M;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E







M97





C`Q

M;R!P97)F;W)M('5N9&5R('1H:7

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

BXP
M/]F;VYT/B!M:6QL:6]N(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$T+B!4:&4@
2!G=6%R86YT;W(@;VX@=&AE(&QO86X@






M.B`Q







@;V8@36%R8V@@
3`L
M(#(P


'!T)SXP+C$\+V9O;G0^

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@

T0G

M;&4]

'!T)SY/;B!*=6QY(#(P+`R,#$R+!*
M87-O;B!0:&%R;6%C975T:6-A;'
L($EN8RXL(&$@=VAO;&QY+6]W;F5D('-U

M)B
X
C$W.W
@:6YV97-T:6=A=&EO;B!O9B!C97)T86EN('-T871E;65N='
@
M:6X@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R



M;&%C97


L($EN8RX@86YD('1H92!&5$
@:6X@
M
3DY
BXF(S$V

M;64@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R


M;!S='5D:65S(&UE970@=&AE('!R;W1O8V]L(&-O;G1A:6YE9!I;B!T:&4@

'!T)SXS

X
C$W.W
@
M8V]N8V5R;G

M9W
N)B
Q-C`[(%1H92!#;VUP86YY)B







&(W7S8R9F5?-#(W-5]A-&-B7S0U8C(T
3
X
S1E8PT*



]

M:60]

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S




'!T

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T

M4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

@3F5W(%)O;6%N




'!T.U1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ3&5F=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P,4G

T0G34%21TE..B`P:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`Y


M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-3
E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C


P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&YO

M.B`Q

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V




M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q

M1#(^(#QD:78^
C`Q




P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0U


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4

M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M8V5E9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P


3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q

M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B0\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R
M/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q



P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^.38L,#`P/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q



M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C$S
BPP
#`\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M

M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#4S)3X@/&1I=CY4;W1A;!#=7)R96YT/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU4
M3U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXQ,PS-S@L
#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T


63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!
M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M

3$L-#@P+#`P
#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'


T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z

M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C$P+#4Q
BPP
#`\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M

M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#4S)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C


M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

Q

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

24=..B!L969T


M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$-3

M965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M(#QD:78^


T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D


M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXS-C4L
#`P

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4S)3X@/&1I=CY3=&%T

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q

M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M

#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXR
#8L

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.B`U


M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#4S)3X@/&1I=CY&;W)E:6=N/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\
M9&EV/B@Y-BPP

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C(X-BPP

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%
M4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXT,C@L,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\


M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`Q

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV
M/B@U.3@L

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-3
E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M3TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q

M(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO
M9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B0\+V1I=CX@/]T

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXQ
M,PV-C0L

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`Q

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXQ
2PY
#@L

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z

M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'


P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


'!T.TU!
M4D=)3CH@



M.B`Q
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


M5&EM97


M:68G/B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



M

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M34E


M3TQ


T0P(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X@/'1R/B`\




M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&YO

M.B`Q


M25I%.B`Q

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/




24=.


M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4S)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P





+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T


+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B


T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M

'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M4E1)0T%
+4%



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M3U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4S)3X@/&1I
M=CY);F-O;64@9G)O;2!C;VYT:6YU:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G

M3U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@

M1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97


M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97


M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

#`\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

M;#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#4S)3X@/&1I=CY
;W-S(&9R;VT@9&ES8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P
M97)A=&EO;G

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3`E/B`\9&EV/B@U+#
P
BPP
#`I/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C


M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXH
2PV.3`L
#`P*3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

24=..B!L



M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


S
R+#`P
M


'!T.R!6

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0U
R4^(#QD:78^4W1O


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M





M.B`Q

M1#H@(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W


3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

M965F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXX
RPP
#`\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




#`I/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C


M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXH
S@S+#`P
D\+V1I=CX@/]T



M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

24=..B!L969T




+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-3
E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97


M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[


P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@




M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M.R!415A4+4%

3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@

M=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^(#QD:78^.2PY-S@L,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[


P
#`P
M
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4

M1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXW+#0P
M


'!T


38P.SPO9&EV

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S

&EN(#!P

M;&4]

M1&5C96UB97(@
6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

M/3-$)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&

M;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#DP)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@3U9%
M4D9


M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@



M

#`P
M


M4TE:13H@

T0Q

C`Q
SPO



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!415A4+4%

M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&YO

P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\



#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M0T]

M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV
M/B8C



M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]


#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0R/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0U
R4^(#QD:78^4F5S97)V97
@;VX@:6YV96YT;W)Y

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B0\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q

M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B0\+V1I=CX@/]T


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D
M/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&



M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!1$1)

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q

M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXV.3(L,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0U
R4^(#QD:78^

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E


M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q

M;#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXX.38L,#`P/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

M+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4S)3X@/&1I


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C


M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXS+#$W
PP,#`\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q
4^
M(#QD:78^,2PR-C`L,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

24=..B!L969T


M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C8Y


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P



P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4

M24=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

24=..B!R:6=H

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E
M/B`\9&EV/C4R-BPP

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4S)3X@/&1I=CY386QE

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q

M(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!1$1)

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q

M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C$L
C(X+#`P
#PO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\
M+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-3
E/B`\9&EV

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M8V5E9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3`E/B`\9&EV/B@T-S8L

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV


M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P

S
RPP

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C


M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

#`I

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B@W-3(L
#`P*3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S

M8V5E9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M-3

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO


M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P

C@U+#`P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXH-RPW
CDL

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-3
E

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0



M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

M;#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N


13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q



M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0U
R4^(#QD:78^5&]T86P@9&5F97)R960@=&%X

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU4

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#`I

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV


M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3`E/B`\9&EV/B@X+#DQ.2PP
#`I/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

M(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!


T0Q

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O
M=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P





P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXH


T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


3!P

@


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


38P.SPO9F]N

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
&EN


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG

M

'!T)SX\+V9O;G0^

@969F




M(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P

M;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M+4%

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


'!T.R!615)4

#`P


3!P

M=VED=&@]


M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^(#QD:78^)B
Q

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$X)2!C

#$R/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#



P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^


M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


T0X)3X@/&1I=CXQ
2PP
M.3
L

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/C

M1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

#`G

M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58

M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0X)3X@

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^(#QD:78^)3PO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
M


24=..B!R

M8V5E9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\


M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T


#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^(#QD:78^)3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/C,Q-PP

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@


M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO


M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV
M/C$N

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\9&EV/B4\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


M15A4+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^,BXV/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
SDE/B`\9&EV


M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0R)3X@/&1I=CXE/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.B`U


T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&

M3U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M8V5E9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))


XP/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
SDE/B`\9&EV/D1O

M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^*#@Q,2PP,#`I/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

#`I

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@



T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^*#DP,BPP
M,#`I/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T


M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0



T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4

M24=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXQ+#
X
M.2PP

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXT+CD\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M



#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0


C`P+#`P
#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

M1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q

M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0X)3X@/&1I
M=CXQ-S
L

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E


M
XT/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T


M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L
M93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0X)3X@/&1I
M=CXM
XW/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$


M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q

M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]

#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%

M1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/B@T-3DL
#`P*3PO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q

M;#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/BTQ+C(\+V1I=CX@/]T


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\


#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/BTP+CD\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0X)3X@
M/&1I=CXH
3$S+#`P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^(#QD:78^)3PO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0X
M)3X@/&1I=CXH-S`W+#`P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

M9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@


M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0X)3X@/&1I=CXM

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^(#QD:78^)3PO
M9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4



M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXQ
M
3$L

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

M;#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0X)3X@/&1I=CXH



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M3TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E



T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\9&EV/B4\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P

M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^(#QD:78^
M)3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%

P
#`P
#`@
W!X

#`P
#L@

M=VED=&@]
T0X)3X@/&1I=CXQ
PV-C0L,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

M+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0R)3X@/&1I=CXE/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9F9F9CL@0T]

M:60[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/C$Q+#DP.PP,#`\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]


M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\9&EV/B4\+V1I=CX@

M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^.2PY,30L,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


M15A4+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

63H@





M25I%.B`Q
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


M92`R
#$T+`R,#$S(&%N9`R

@=V5R






14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

M
'!T)SXF(S$V

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@








MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B
C=C9#!B-U\V
F9E7S0R
M-S5?831C8E\T-6(R-#$S.#
T96


T0G




M/3-$


M
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@



]


T0G0TQ%05(Z

T1J=7-T:69Y/CQS

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXQ,X@4TA!




14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@





M97


M)B
X
C$W.W

M(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#







@8F%S960@;VX@=&AE




N(%1R96%S=7)Y('EI96QD



@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)SX@



M4D1%4BU#3TQ


T0P(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X@



M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD



M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C




M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0X)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXR,#$S/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&YO

P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M




P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M



M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z
M(&)O=&@G/B8C


M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0X)3X@/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXM/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%



M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!4CH@8F]T


M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@


M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@


M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

N

M3U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B
M;W1H)SXE/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E



M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

14%2.F)O=&@[
M0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&

M14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@


M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF
M(S$V

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M9F9F9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

Q

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0R

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!4CH@


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0X)3X@/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N


Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.B`T



M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%

14%2.F)O
M=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\+W1A

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M

14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


@=&AE('-T;V-K

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@

M
T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#QD:78@



#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@



3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T


14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF
M(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G
M/B8C




M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2
M.B!B;W1H)SY796EG:'1E9U!=F5R86=E/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!
M4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T


M

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U19

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S



#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G
M/B8C



M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!4CH@


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M



M2%0Z(#0P



Q-C`[

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G





13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV('-T

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/DEN=')I;G-I8SPO9&EV



13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W


M

#`P


3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B
M;W1H)SXF(S$V




M5$]-.B`C
#`P


M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q



M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
#L\+V1I


M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U19

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M
2P@
C`Q

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M;#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$
M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!4CH@

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&

M14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


14%2.B!B;W1H)SXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2
M.B!B;W1H)SXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P




M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

T0G0TQ%05(Z

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

Q-C`[

M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R


M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB
M;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXR-BXQ

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD


M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I


M8V5E9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/D5X

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M;#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!
M4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD


M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'



P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@



M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE

M)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\


M1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!4CH@8F]T

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0W)3X@/&1I=B!S


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@


M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-


M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P

M14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M;&4]



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]

M1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O
M=&@G/B8C


M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N



M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q

M*#

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]



#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB
M;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXR.XX

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q



M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE

M)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q

#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G
M/D]U='-T86YD:6YG(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N


Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]

M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/C8W+#
W-3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B0\+V1I


63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!
M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

#`P
#L@1D].

M=&@]
T0Q

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&

M14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'


P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXU,#4L
M,C@V/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T



M3U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

Q+`R,#$T/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M965F9CL@0T]

M8FQE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O
M=&@G/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU4
M3U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H
M)SXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z


M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M9&]U8FQE.R!415A4+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%
M4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!4CH@

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


M


'!T)SXF(S$V

@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)SX@/&9O;G0@





34N
3D\+V9O;G0^+B!4


@97AP

@87!P

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

XV/]F




M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
M


T0G0TQ%



'!T.TU!
M4D=)3CH@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@








'!T)SXF(S$V

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P,4G

T0G8VQE87(Z8F]T:#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;CL@5TE$
M5$@Z(#8U)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@3U9%4D9



M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0P)3X@/&1I=B!S


14%2.B!B;W1H
M)SXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O
M=&@G/B8C



24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&YO

M.B`Q

M3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SY796EG:&5D+4%V97)A9V4\+V1I=CX@

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV



14%2.F)O=&@[
M0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C

T0G

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS



M25I%.B`Q

#`P
#`P(#%P


M

T0Q

T0G0TQ%

M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0T
M

M97-T960@870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3

M965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G
M/C
Y
RPU

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M(V-C965F9CL@0T]


#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]


63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!
M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T


M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-#`E/B`\

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/D=R86YT960\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P

M.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4



M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M/3-$)T-

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!4CH@8F]T


M1RU
1494.B`Q
'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M

14%2
M.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV('-T

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B@Q
3DL
S@X*3PO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q

M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\


M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O
M=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!1$1)


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0T


M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD


M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q

S
S*3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@


M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R

M9F9F9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/C(X

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0T

S$L(#(P

M3U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B
M;W1H)SXF(S$V

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L
M93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P



M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&

M14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0Q

C4N
3
\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M

14%2
M.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V


@3F5W(%)O


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


M



'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


M;W1A;!S:&%R92UB87-E9!C;VUP96YS871I;VX@97AP96YS92!C:&%R9V5D

@96YD960@1&5C96UB
M97(@
S$L(#(P
30L(#(P
3


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXS+#(P.2PP,#`\+V9O;G0^+!A;F0@)#QF;VYT









M.B`Q
'!T)SXW
S0L

M
'!T)SYI;B!S:&%R92UB87-E9!C;VUP96YS871I;VX@:6X@,C`Q-!F;W(\

@3F5W

RPW-3`\+V9O

@=&\@8F4@:7-S=65D




M;&4]


@=&\@8V5R=&%I;B!K97D@96UP;&]Y965S('9E

63H@)U1I;65S


@3F5W(%)O




@

'!T)SX@86YD(#QF;VYT('-T




63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

#`\+V9O



@

#`\

@96YD:6YG($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T
M+`R

@=V%S(&%P

M97

M


63H@)U1I

#$T+`R,#$S+`R

63H@)U1I

@
M87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P




N

N/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX@/]D

T0G=VED=&@Z
3`P)3L@=&%B

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$


M7V$T8V)?-#5B
C0Q
S@S-&5C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+V(R-V-D
&(W7S8R9F5?-#(W-5]A-&-B7S0U8C(T
3
X
S1E8R]7;W)K


M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES





S$L(#(P
M


]



]


3TY'+51%4DT@

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@


M)B

M04U)3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ




M
'!T)SY
24)/4B!R871E('!L=7
@

M9F]N=#X@870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30N(%1H92!A9W)E96UE;G0@97AP

63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@







M='


@86YD(')E9&5E;2!C87!I

M97-T;65N='


@87-S971S+B!4:&4@;&EN92!O9B!C

@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@=&\@


2P@


@;6%Y(&-E











]





T1T;W`^0E5324Y%4U
@4T5'345.5%
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@



14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z








@82!S:6YG

M;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E

2P@

T0G0TQ%



M(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#@P)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@
M3U9%4D9


13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0S
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@






#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B


CX@/&1I=CXR

3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/C(P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D
M/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0T
M
R4^(#QD:78^)B

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M(#0P

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0Q
24@

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


24=..B!C

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

M(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

2PP
#`\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V5E9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M:78^.#0L-#$W+#`P

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-#
E/B`\9&EV/E1A:V4@

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXR
#8L-C4W+#`P
#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C



+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C(R
M.PW,CDL,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C(Q-BPP.30L
#`P

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#0S)3X@/&1I=CY-961I9F%S=!796EG:'0@0V]N=')O;!#96YT97)S+2!&

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

34L-#(T+#`P
#PO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q

M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXQ-2PS
S8L

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.B`T



M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R

M9F9F9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3`E/B`\9&EV/C8L
#0U+#`P

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'


M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^(#QD:78^,RPW-3$L,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0T
M

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P



M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!
M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M

C@U+#(X-2PP

M1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M(#0P



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P




P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!


T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C
Q.PU-S$L,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

M9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ
M



M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8C(W8V0P8C=?-C)F95\T

C0Q
S@S

O4VAE970R

M;G0]

2!R


M6$E4($%#5$E6251)15
L($%.1!#3$E.24,@3T),24=!5$E/3E,\8G(^/]S

M1#$^

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^


M8V]N=&EN=65D($]P97)A=&EO;G



]

@3T)
24=!5$E/3E








M13H@


2!C96YT97)S

24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@





#4I


@;V8@=&AE($U70T




14%2.F)O=&@[($9/

M1TE..B`P:6X@



M13H@

M:&4@9&ES8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G
N(%1H:7


'!T)SXP+C8\+V9O;G0^(&UI



M;&4]







'!T)SXP+C(\+V9O;G0^(&UI;&QI;VX@;VX@=&AE('-A;&4@

'!T.TU!
M4D=)3CH@
'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


T1J=7-T:69Y/DEN




63H@)U1I


M3E0M4TE:13H@


M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



@3F5W(%)O


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0G0TQ%

'!T)SXF(S$V

@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)SX@/&9O;G0@


M.B`Q

@96YD960@1&5C
M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P,4G/B`\=&%B;&4@


M4D1%4BU




T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0T]



#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0T]



M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0T]



M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0S)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED

CX@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

CX@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C


P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!C;VQS

CX@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D
M/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&




P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

C(L-3`Y+#`P
#PO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P


63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXS,BPX
M,S(L,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L



13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\
M9&EV/C
X+#$S-2PP

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0S)3X@/&1I=CY
;W-S
M(&)E9F]R92!I;F-O;64@=&%X97


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXH,3,L,34P+#`P,D\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].

M=&@]
T0Q

M9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0Q

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0S)3X@/&1I=CY);F-O


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M-CDP+#`P


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0S)3X@/&1I=CY
;W-S(&9R;VT@9&ES8V]N
M=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G
L(&YE=!O9B!T87@\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T

M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B0\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]

M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B@S+#$V-BPP
#`I

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9CL@0T]

M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M-38V+#`P


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@


M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P
M:6X@


'!T)SX@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
M
30@:6YC;'5D960@:6X@9&ES8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G
\+V9O;G0^

'!T.TU!4D=)
M3CH@



M
'!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!724142#H@



M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0Y)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D


M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ


M/3-$
CX@/&1I=CXR

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P


M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-#DE/B`\
M9&EV/B8C



M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U19

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M




M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z



M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E


#`P

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

24=..B!L969T.R!&



M9#L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0X)3X@/&1I
M=CXT+#`P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M9F9F9CL@0T]



M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'


T0X)3X@/&1I=CXQ.#0L

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D


M3U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD
M:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE



P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0T.24^(#QD:78^3W1H97(@87-S

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`Q

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!
M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0


M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P





M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M



M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0T.24^(#QD:78^)B

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/
M4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M



P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0Y)3X@/&1I=CY

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0Y)3X@/&1I=CY#=7)R96YT(&QI86)I

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@


M(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B0\+V1I

13H@;F]R




M9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`W

M8FEL:71I97

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P


M


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M14E'2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P


M34E
63H@=&EM97

BPW-38L

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D


M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD
M:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE



1494.B`Q
'!X
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4

24=..B!L


M8FQE.R!415A4+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^-RPV,30L,#`P/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%



@3F5W


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
&EN(#!I;B`P


#L\

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
&EN(#!I


@


24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@


M:6=A=&EO;G

#$T.CPO

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!724142#H@
3`P


Y96(V8V4@
'!X('-O;&ED.R!72414



P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0T.24^(#QD:78^16YD:6YG(&%C

2P@
C`Q
CPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9


#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\
M='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%



P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58

M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^
M(#QD:78^,2PS-C$L,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0T.24^(#QD:78^4&%Y
M;65N='

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&




#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

M965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0Y


#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`Q

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/C$L
S8Q+#`P
#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$-#DE/B`\9&EV/D-H87)G97
@:6YC=7)R960@9'5R:6YG('1H92!P

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P


M5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P

M:78^-BPP
#8L

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0X)3X@/&1I
M=CXH.#
S+#`P


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

Q+`R,#$T/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M.R!415A4+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

M/3-$)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&

T0G

M+49!34E

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/

M05(Z(&)O=&@G/B`F(S$V

M
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

#$T(&%S(&9O;&QO=W

@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


969T.R!415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!724142#H@


T1L969T/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P



T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

M


3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0X



3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0T.24^(#QD:78^5&]T86P@;&]N9RUT97)M(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&]F(&1I

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[


P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

M



M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P
M.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

M(#0P


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

M1#H@(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P





'!T.R!6

T0G=VED
M=&@Z

T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


M8C=?-C)F95\T

C0Q
S@S-&5C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(R-V-D
&(W7S8R9F5?-#(W-5]A-&-B7S0U8C(T
M
3
X



^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5-13X-

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S


M2TA/3$1%4E/B@)D@4DE'2%13(%!





14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I

'!X


#L\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@






M

@


M+49!34E




]

M


#$T/&)R



T0G0TQ%05(Z



'!T
M)SXM(%1H92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@:6YC
M;'5D92!T:&4@86-C;W5N='




M/B`\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ
#`E






T1J=7-T:69Y/CPO

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I

&EN





M8V%T:6]N(&EN('1H92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N
M='


@;V8@9&ES8V]N=&EN
M=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@87
@82!R97-U;'0@;V8@=&AE('-A;&4@86YD(&-L



T0G=VED=&@Z


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
#X\='(^/'1D/CPO=&0^





'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
&EN(#!I;B`P

M.B`Q
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@



'!T)SXF(S$U









M;VYT/CPO9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#HQ






M1D].5#H@


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE


T1J=7-T:69Y/CQS=')O

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY#87-H(&%N9!#


M=&ET=71I;VYS+!I;G-T:71U=&EO;F%L(&UO;F5Y(&9U;F1S(&%N9!O=&AE




M86QI9VX]

14%2.F)O
M=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


'!T)SX@0V]N8V5N=')A

M;&4]

@;V9T96X@97AC965D('1H92!A;6]U;G0@;V8@:6YS
M=7)A;F-E('!R;W9I9&5D(&]N('-U8V@@86-C;W5N='
@8GD@=&AE($9E9&5R



M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,!S='EL93TS




M34E



@+3PO9F]N




@86YD(&1E8G0N(%1H

M='

M86QU97







M(%)E8V5I=F%B;&4@86YD($%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@4V%L97

M;F0@1&]U8G1F=6P@06-C;W5N='

M;&4]

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].

M3E0M4TE:13H@

M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE




14%2.F)O=&@[($9/

M1TE..B`P:6X@


M








M;2!O=7(@86-T=6%L(')E='5R;G




63H@)U1I;65S($YE



'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


M/D%L;&]W86YC97


@


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXV-PP

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.C$P


]


M5&EM97



M34E




M;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ
#`E.R!T86)L92UL87EO

T0P/CQT



]

M

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-
M05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@

@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A


#L\+V9O;G0^

'!T)SY4:&4@


M:71I97





M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,!S='EL93TS




M



3!P


M(&UA;F%G96UE;G0@8F5L:65V97
@:70@:7
@;6]R92UL:6ME;'DM=&AA;BUN


M;'














M.R!&3TY4+49!34E






@96YD:6YG($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q
M+`R,#$T(&%N9`R



M=7

N(%=I=&@@9F5W(&5X8V5P=&EO;G
L


M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P
M:6X@


T0G





@87)E(&%D



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
&EN
6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

'!T)SY!

@:6YC=7)R960L(&5X



2P@
C`Q-P@,C`Q,RP@86YD(#(P,3(L(&%M;W5N=&5D('1O
M(0\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M/B!M:6QL:6]N+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX\
M=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ
#`E.R!T86)L92UL

T0P




T1J=7-T:69Y/CPO9&EV/B`\9&EV

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2


M.B`Q






M:&4@=&5R;7



M92!A;F0@8F5G:6X@=&\@;6%K92!I;7!R;W9E;65N='



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

M)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4



M(&1A=&4@;W1H97(@=&AA;B!T:&4@9&%T92!O9B!I;FET:6%L(&]C8W5P86YC




L('=H







]

]

M;&4]

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@

@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T





M9'1H.C$P


]

M

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/

M1TE..B`P:6X@

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

M;&EN:6

M960@87


@87)E




M=&5R;6EN960@8F%S960@;VX@=&AE('!R97-E;G0@=F%L=64@;V8@=&AE(')E

@87-S;V-I871E

M+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ
#`E.R!T





M;&4]

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].


M13H@






@3F5W(%)O





'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@




M2$5)1TA4.B`Q
34E.R!724142#H@
3`P)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C

7!T)R!B;W)D97(]


M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-+4-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T
M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
&EN.R!3U)$15(M5$]0+4-/3$]2.B`C,#`P
M,#`P.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$Q)3L@4$%$1$E.1RU2
M24=(5#H@,&EN.R!3U)$15(M4DE'2%0M0T]


&EN.R!724142#H@
S`E.R!0


M4D=)3CH@
&EN.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
&EN.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z
M(#8P)3L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@
&EN.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#H@
&EN)R!V
M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0V


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/
M33H@
&EN.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#!I;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@
&EN
M.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#H@
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


M/B8C



M




T1J=7-T:69Y





'!T)SXF(S$V
M



&EN.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4



M

T0G

'!T)SX@5F5H:6-L97


\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E



@3F5W(%)O


M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\+V9O;G0^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/

M1TE..B`P:6X@


M9VX]




M;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M.B`Q
'!T)SY


@:6X@8VER8W5M



@:71S


@=&AE(&9A



]


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M3TY4+49!34E



'!T)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




L(')E8F%T97
L('!R;VUO=&EO;F%L








M:78^(#PO9&EV/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]

M


]
T1R


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


'!T.TU!
M4D=)3CH@







!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#HQ





]


'!X.R!&
M3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97





X
C(P.T504R8C.#(R
3LI(&-O;7!U=&%T

M(&]F(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97

M92!E9F9E8W0@;V8@9&EL=71I=F4@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S

'!T.TU!4D=)
M3CH@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M

Q


&EN.R!724142#H@.#4E



'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#4R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF
M(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G
M/B8C




C`Q-#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@




M0T]


14%2.B!B;W1H
M)SXR

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H
M)SXF(S$V


M25I%.B`Q



#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T

14%2.F)O=&@[

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
#L\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$


24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M

Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P


14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF
M(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M965F9CL@0T]

M:60[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0X)3X@/&1I


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@


M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#4R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SY)
M;F-O;64@9G)O;2!C;VYT:6YU:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G,\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#
M3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T

C$L
#(Y+#`P

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%

14%2.F)O

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M

14%2
M.B!B;W1H)SXR-RPQ
S4L

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@


M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4



M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G
M/C$X+#0T
BPP

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L
M93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H
M.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SY
;W-S(&9R;VT@9&ES8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO
M;G

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M



M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXH-RPX-#@L
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B@S+#$V
M-BPP

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%

M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q




M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/]T

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
M14%2.B!B;W1H)SY.970@:6YC;VUE/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD




P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G
M/C$S+#$X
2PP

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L
M93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!





P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M



M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%

14%2.F)O
M=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


T0X)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXQ-2PX-S8L,#`P/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%



M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

Q-C`[

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#
M3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D



P
#`P
#`@
W!X

T0X)3X@/&1I=B!S


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!
M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

T0G0TQ%05(Z

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

Q-C`[

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED

M/3-$)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0X)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#
M3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D




24=..B!L



M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M

@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!4CH@8F]T

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED

M/3-$)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T


M-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L
M93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H
M)SXF(S$V

M(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXQ
M
RPW

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0U

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE

M)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

13H@;F]R


T0G0TQ%

M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M

14%2
M.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V





24=..B!L969T.R!&


Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

M)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P

M14%2.B!B;W1H)SXQ-RPX

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!
M4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!4CH@8F]T

24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M
M5$]0.B`C
#`P


14%2.B!B;W1H
M)SXF(S$V

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M(V-C965F9CL@0T]


#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0X)3X@


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@


M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T


M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R


T0G0TQ%

M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G
M/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
#L\+V1I


63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4R)3X@/&1I


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O
M=&@G/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

T0G0TQ%

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

Q

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%
M4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B
M;W1H)SXF(S$V

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P

M.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#
M3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SY%4%
Z/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M9F9F9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M


24=..B!L969T


Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%

14%2.F)O
M=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@


M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-



M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4



M965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M:6
@96%R;FEN9W


M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD


M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%
M05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]

M1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N



M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L
M93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

P
#`P
#`@
W!X

#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

14%2

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
#L\

M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O



M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/C$N
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@



M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@

P
#`P
M
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M;&4]

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]


14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4

14%2
M.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P

M14%2.B!B;W1H)SXH

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E


M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED

M/3-$)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L
M93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]


14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/C$N
#0\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P

M.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#

24=..B!R:6=H

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L
M93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
M
#`@

M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

M.B`T


T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T

14%2
M.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].

#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!4CH@8F]T

24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

M.B`T


M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@


M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


P
M
#`P
#`@

T0Q



P
#`P
#`@

M=VED=&@]


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4

14%2
M.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\
M='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N



#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
M


M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

Q-C`[

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T



1494.B`Q
W!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#
M3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-

M;2!C;VYT:6YU:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
#L\

M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O



M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/C$N

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

M/3-$)T-

M1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T


M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-3(E/B`\



M('-H87)E(&9R;VT@9&ES8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B
M;W1H)SXF(S$V

M3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].

#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!4CH@8F]T

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$


#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]


14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M9&]U8FQE.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT

M(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@

T0X)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#
M3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXH,XQ.D\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


P
#`P
M
#`@

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXD/]D:78^


P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L
M93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))


P
#`P
M
#`@

T0X)3X@

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]


14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%



M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

T0G

M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
M

M)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

M

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

@3F5W

M


M9&EN9R!F;W(@=&AE('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30@=&AA



M13H@

M
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ
#`E.R!T86)L92UL87EO=70Z9FEX960[)R!C



]

T0G34%21TE.

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I
M;B`P:6X@

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-
M05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@





T0G=VED=&@Z


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
#X\='(^/'1D/CPO=&0^




M4D=)3CH@


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M

M.B`P:6X@

M

'!T
M)SX@/]F;VYT/D-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@26YC;VUE(A


M96YU97



@;V8@;F5T(&EN


T0G=VED=&@Z
3`P)3L@=&%B;&4M

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M


T1T;W`^4F5C96YT($%C8V]U;G1I


M




T1J


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M

M.B`P:6X@



#M!4U4F(S@R
C$[*2`R
M
#$T+3`Y+`\:3Y2979E;G5E(&9R;VT@0V]N=')A8W1S('=I=&@@0W5S=&]M
M97)S(A4;W!I8R`V

V

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-
M05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#QD


'!T
M)SY!4U4@







@05-5(&%R92!E9F9E


M;G
@;V8@05-5(#(P
30M
3(@=VEL;!H879E(&]N('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B,X
M,C$W.W,@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N=',N/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/B`\9&EV

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2


M)B

T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT('-T






@8F5G

M;G


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

M/CPO9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#HQ



M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8C(W8V0P8C=?-C)F95\T

C0Q
M

O4VAE970R
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]

]








T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT


M13H@

'!T)SX\

@3F5W




M;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E


T0Q
M
#`E/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-+4-/3$]2.B`C
M,#`P,#`P.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,&EN
M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0+4-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#!I
M;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$Q)3L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@
&EN.R!3U)$15(M4DE'
M2%0M0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!T;W`[($)/4D1%
M4BU
1494+4-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#H@
&EN)R!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M-05)'24XZ(#!I
M;B`P:6X@
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



P)3X@/&1I


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



3!P

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

S4\





T1J=7-T:69Y




M13H@


@

1494.B`P:6X[


14%2.F)O=&@[34%21TE..B`P:6X@
M
&EN(#!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BQS97)I9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M
T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
&EN.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%
M1E0Z(#!I;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@
&EN.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#H@
&EN
M)R!V86QI9VX]

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M-05)'
M24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M+4)/5%1/33H@
&EN.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#!I;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(
M5#H@
&EN.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#H@
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^(#QD:78@

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M4D=)3CH@




M4$%$1$E.1RU


14%2
M.F)O=&@[34%21TE..B`P:6X@
&EN(#!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BQS97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
G!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1&IU

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@5F5H:6-L
M97,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/
M5%1/33H@
&EN.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#!I;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@
M
&EN.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#H@
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97




M/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


'!T.TU!
M4D=)3CH@



M4TE:13H@

'!T


C`[15!3)B
X



M9'






M3E0M4TE:13H@

M/3-$)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&



@9F]R=&@@



'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\

M04U)3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

T0G0D]2

1494.B`C



M86X[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-3(E

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P


Q

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0T]

M

M4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXR
#$T/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V



'!T.R!615)4

#`P

M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
M

T0G0TQ%


#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0U

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
M
#`P


14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
M

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE

M)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P


14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%

14%2.F)O
M=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%

M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z
M(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!1$1)

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0X)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,
M14%2.B!B;W1H)SXR,2PP,CDL,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#


M5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B
M;W1H)SXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R

M9F9F9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

3@L
M-#0R+#`P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%



T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#
M3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B@W+#@T.PP,#`I
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&


Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

M)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

L
38V+#`P
M


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@


M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0X)3X@

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4

14%2
M.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\
M='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT

M(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!1$1)

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P


M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&

M14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0X)3X@/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXR,RPY-CDL,#`P/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4R)3X@/&1I


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O
M=&@G/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

T0G0TQ%

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

Q

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%
M4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B
M;W1H)SXF(S$V

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P

M.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#
M3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B
M;W1H)SXF(S$V

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I


#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0X


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@


M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L
M93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H
M)SXF(S$V

M(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXQ
M
BPV-S`L

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E



M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&

M14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4


M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE

P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].


M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#4R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2
M.B!B;W1H)SY%9F9E8W0@;V8@9&EL=71I=F4@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&5Q=6EV
M86QE;G1S/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L


Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXQ


M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^


13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0X)3X@/&1I


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@


M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L


Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M24=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED

M/3-$)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D
M/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&


M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P


14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF
M(S$V

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED

M/3-$)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P


14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4

14%2
M.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%
M05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4

14%2
M.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]


M;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M

14%2
M.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V


M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!


P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!
M4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M9&]U8FQE.R!415A4+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T

3
L-S
Y+#@R-#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-3(E/B`\9&EV('-T

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!

M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T


#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$


24=..B!L


P
#`P
#`@


M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

P
#`P
#`@



M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\
M+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T



M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@


M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M



M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4



M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@


M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%
M05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z
M(&)O=&@G/B8C


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B
M;W1H)SXF(S$V

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4R)3X@
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M


M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M;&4]

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%



M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O
M=&@G/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G
M/B8C


M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF
M(S$V

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%


M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&

M14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@


M8FQE.R!415A4+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T


T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P



M

M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G
M/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#

24=..B!R:6=H

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

2XS-#PO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


P
#`P
#`@
W!X

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^

M;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L

T0X)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXH,XV

M1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H
M)SXF(S$V

M3TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$


24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


C
I

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]


14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

@

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


2XP-#PO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q

24=..B!L


P
#`P
#`@



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q

P
M
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
M


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R


P
#`P
#`@

T0X)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2
M.B!B;W1H)SXQ+C$V/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4


M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD


M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


P
#`P
#`@

M



P
#`P
#`@



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&

M14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
M



24=..B!L969T.R!&



M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M


P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!
M4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T



24=..B!L969T


Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^


24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%

14%2.F)O
M=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

14%2.F)O=&@[
M0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C

T0G

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P

M14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L


M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$



M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

2XV-3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P





M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

14%2.F)O=&@[
M0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G

M+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G


T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


P
#`P
#`@

M



P
#`P
M
#`@

T0X)3X@
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXH,XV
BD\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P

M.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#

24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@

#`G

C

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M



M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$58

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]


14%2

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!

M1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD




P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

#`P
#L@1D].

#`G('=I

2XP

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@1D].




P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M


M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$
M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@1D].

T0X)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!
M4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXQ+C$V/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

Q-C`[

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

M25I%.B`Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@

T0G1D].

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@



M25I%.B`Q

2P@

#$S(&%N9`R,#$R+CPO9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX@/]D:78^/'1A8FQE(&)O

T0G=VED=&@Z
3`P)3L@=&%B;&4M;&%Y;W5T.F9I

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
#X\='(^/'1D



C0Q
M
S@S-&5C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(R-V-D
&(W
M7S8R9F5?-#(W-5]A-&-B7S0U8C(T
3
X

M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\


3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@


L


@



T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@0V%L


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M960@9V%I;G

14%2.F)O=&@[3$E.12U(


7!T)R!A;&EG

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

M+49!34E

M05)'24XZ(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


38P.S(P

13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P
M.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0R.24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P



#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.24@



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@


24=..B!C96YT

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



24=..B!C96YT

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#DE(&-O;'-P
M86X]

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#DE(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\

#LF86UP.R8C

13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V



3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(Y)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G=VAI=&4M



M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&YO

P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\



M25I%.B`Q

M.B`C
#`P


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].


CX@/&1I=CY
M;W-S97

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G

M


M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#DE(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/D9A:7(F(S$V
#M686QU93PO9&EV/B`\


M;W=R87`[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4
M+4%

'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#DE
M(&-O;'-P86X],T0R/B`\9&EV/D5Q=6EV86QE;G1S/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&YO

P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\



#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#(Y)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#DE(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'



CX@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#DE(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\


24=..B!C96YT97([

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M


CX@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C


P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#DE(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0R.24^(#QD:78^0V%S:#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

24=..B!L969T



63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/BT\+V1I=CX@/]T


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!R

M8V5E9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B0\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@


#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^


M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!L


M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#@E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\


M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0X)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L
M93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
CDE/B`\9&EV/DQE=F5L(#$Z/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q

M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^
M)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L


M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#@E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\


M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D
M/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&



T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]

#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/C4V-2PP

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

24=..B!L969T


M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4

M24=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXU
M-C4L

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L


#PO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C


M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(Y)3X@/&1I=CY-
M=71U86P@1G5N9'

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L
M93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

S
L
#`P

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$


L

#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

M1RU224=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0X)3X@/&1I
M=CXQ

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

24=..B!L969T.R!&


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!


M5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/C$P+#8V-RPP,#`\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(Y
M)3X@/&1I=CY#;W)P;W)A=&4@17%U:71Y(%-E8W5R:71I97,\+V1I=CX@/]T


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0X)3X@/&1I
M=CXV.34L

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/B@S,2PP,#`I/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

M1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q

M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P



P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXT+#`W
BPP
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXT+#4U.2PP

M(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L



#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/C0Y+#`P
#PO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T




#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/C$U+#`P
#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

13H@


24=..B!L969T.R!&



M9#L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0X)3X@/&1I

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(Y)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M

24=.

#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))


P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\
M9&EV/C@P-RPP

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L
M93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'


T0X)3X@/&1I=CXH
38U+#`P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]


#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/C$U+#`P
#PO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q

M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

M9F9F9CL@0T]

M:60[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
M




P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M-38U+#`P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]


M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P
M.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0X)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L
M93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C


M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M)B

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4

M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(Y
M)3X@/&1I=CY

M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q

M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P




Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q

M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(Y)3X@/&1I=CY-=6YI8VEP86P@0F]N9'
\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0X)3X@


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P





M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO


M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV
M/C(X+#`P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@


#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/C
L-S4Q+#`P
#PO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q

M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58

M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M9F9F9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!

M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4
M+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^,CDL,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q

M:60[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M(#QD:78^*#$R+#`P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!415A4+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N


13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(Y)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T

M(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!1$1)

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
M
#`P


M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%




P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/B@Q
M.2PP

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/C8V+#`P
#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0X)3X@


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0X


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]

M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
M
#`P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]


#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$
M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P



P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]

M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
M
#`P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P



M-3$L.#
S+#`P

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N


24=..B!R

M8V5E9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M8V5E9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M:78^.#$L

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

M1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0X
M)3X@/&1I=CXU
BPV-#0L

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0X)3X@/&1I=CXR-PT-3DL,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[


P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B


'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[


M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(Y)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D


M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ


M;CTS1#(P/B`\9&EV/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L)B
Q-C`[
C`Q
SPO9&EV



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(Y)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T




#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z


M=&@]



M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

+4%


M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
M



#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@


24=..B!C96YT

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P




'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P







M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!



CX@/&1I

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M


M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
CDE/B`\9&EV
M/B8C


P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&YO

M.B`Q


#`P


3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Y


M;&4]


M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT


M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#DE(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/DEN=&5R

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G

38P.U9A;'5E

M;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I

\+V1I=CX@

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C





M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&YO

P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\



#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M0T]

M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M)B

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M
M5$]0.B`C
#`P






#`P

M0T%
+4%

M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S


M


M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P





M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B



#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M8V5E9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M


M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/C


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D


M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/BT\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.B`T


S`L.34X+#`P

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B0\+V1I=CX@

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M-3@L

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M

#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

M965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(Y
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C


M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

M:78^)B

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4




P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0R.24^(#QD:78^3&5V96P@

M(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]

M965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P




Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q

M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD
M:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE



P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0R.24^(#QD:78^36]N97D@36%R

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@


C0L
#`P

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$


M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P


M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

24=..B!R

M9F9F9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M.4^(#QD:78^-2PT,C0L,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

24=..B!L


M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^-2PT
M,C0L,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L


M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4



#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P


M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\


T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D


M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/C$R-RPP
#`\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD
M:78^*#$V-PP

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@



T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C


M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W


M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P


M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P

#`\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M

M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#(Y)3X@/&1I=CY#;W)P;W)A=&4@17%U:71Y(%-E8W5R:71I
M97

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P


M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



#`P*3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C


M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M9F9F9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E


M(#QD:78^-2PV.#$L

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

13H@;F]R


3(L

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M8V5E9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXH-#
L
#`P*3PO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

M(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E


C8L
M

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M24=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$
M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

C0L
#
W+#`P

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^,2PR-C4L,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D


M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD
M:78^*#(Q-BPP,#`I/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

24=..B!L969T.R!&


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0X
M)3X@/&1I=CXR-BPP

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/C4L-#(T+#`P

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

M

M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]

M965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P




Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q

M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P


M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(Y)3X@/&1I=CY

M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD
M:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV


M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M9F9F9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0X
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(Y)3X@/&1I=CY-=6YI
M8VEP86P@0F]N9'

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L
M93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

#`\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

24=..B!R

M8V5E9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q


63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4

M24=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P



P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXS+#8U
BPP
#`\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(Y)3X@/&1I=CY#;W)P;W)A=&4@0F]N9'
\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

M+#`P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V



M(#QD:78^-S0L

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\
M9&EV/C4X+#`P

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.B`T


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q

M(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!1$1)

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P


M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#(Y)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(V-C965F9CL@0T]



M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(V-C965F9CL@0T]


#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P


63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M2%0Z(#0P

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N


13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M(#0P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'



#`P*3PO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



#`P
#L@1D].

M=&@]
T0X)3X@/&1I=CXX
RPP

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M965F9CL@0T]

M:60[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M965F9CL@0T]

M:60[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M


63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M(#0P

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M
M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=.

#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]


#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$
M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P



P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]

M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
M
#`P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]


#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$
M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P



P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

13H@


M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q

M8FQE.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^
M,2PT-#(L,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^*#(V,RPP,#`I/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4




P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!L969T




M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


M(#PO9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#HQ



M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8C(W8V0P8C=?-C)F95\T

C0Q
M

O4VAE970R-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]

]







]

#L@1D].5#H@,3!P=!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86XL(%1I;65S


'!T(#0N-C5P=#L@1D].5#H@



M0T]


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0T
B4^(#QD:78^
M)B

3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0X)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q

M;CTS1#(^(#QD:78^

T0G5$58

M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

CX@
M/&1I=CXR

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R
M/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-#(E


M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXT+#0Q,PP

M3U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\

M965F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^-2PS.#$L

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

T0G5$58

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%


M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXY,C`L,#`P/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M.B`Q

M;#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV
M/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V5E9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M25I%.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E



24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V5E9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




63H@=&EM
M97


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P
M.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E



M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M25I%.B`Q


63H@=&EM97
@


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P
M.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[


P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V5E9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E
M/B`\9&EV/B@S.3(L

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97


M9#L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97


M(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXH
C8U
M+#`P


'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


P
#`P
#`@
M
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%

M1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXQ-2PW
S4L
M

3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%

P
#`P
#`@


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

6]U


M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

&(W7S8R9F5?-#(W-5]A-&-B7S0U
M8C(T
3
X






]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@


]
T1R93X-





T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[($U!4D=)
M3CH@

M
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


M)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4



969T.R!415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!724142#H@

M9&EN9STS1#`@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0T
24^(#QD:78^)B


M;CL@0T]



#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
30E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/C(P

13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO



M;CTS1#(^(#QD:78^
C`Q

T0G5$58



M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0Q)3X@/&1I=CY

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M2%0Z(#0P


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!
M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M

M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G=VAI

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D


24=.

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M3U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0T


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M

M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$S)3X@/&1I=CXQ,BPS.3$L,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P



P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q
R4^(#QD:78^-3DL-3`Q
M+#`P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]

#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I=CXU


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M

M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M24=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I=CXQ-#DL,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q



P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q
R4^(#QD:78^
34U+#`P
#PO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$-#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

M3U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z

M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3

#`\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'


P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S
M)3X@/&1I=CXV-BPU-#
L

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-#$E/B`\9&EV



P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3
E/B`\9&EV/C0P+#$V.2PP

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9F9F9CL@0T]

M:60[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/B`\9&EV/C
R+#`V
M-RPP

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0T


M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N


P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV


63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M2%0Z(#0P

M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B0\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0Q
M
R4^(#QD:78^


T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\+W1A8FQE/B`\+V1I=CX@/]D

T0G=VED=&@Z
3`P)3L@=&%B

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$


M7V$T8V)?-#5B
C0Q
S@S-&5C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+V(R-V-D
&(W7S8R9F5?-#(W-5]A-&-B7S0U8C(T
3
X
S1E8R]7;W)K


M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES







#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@



]

]

T0G34%21TE.

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!P


M4BU#3TQ

@3F5W(%)O



T0G1D].

M;&4]



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#0R)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V




#`P


3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M


M;&4]


M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V



M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0X)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M
M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M2%0Z(#0P


#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%
M4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXQ,BPP,S$L,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[





P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0X)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

24=..B!L969T.R!&


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C4L-#`S+#`P
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D
M/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C


M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXX
#8L
#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E


M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO
M9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0R)3X@/&1I=CY!8V-R=65D

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^)B,Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T


M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%



#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C$L.3@P+#`P
#PO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C


M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-#(E/B`\9&EV


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!415A4+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C
L
#`P+#`P
#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

13H@


M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D
M/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&


M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

24=..B!L969T.R!&


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T


M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9F9F9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%

P
#`P
#`@
M

#`P
M

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^
C(L
C
P+#`P
#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6


T0G=VED=&@Z
3`P)3L@=&%B

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$


M7V$T8V)?-#5B
C0Q
S@S-&5C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+V(R-V-D
&(W7S8R9F5?-#(W-5]A-&-B7S0U8C(T
3
X
S1E8R]7;W)K


M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES



3(@36]N=&AS

S$L(#(P




T1T;W`^


M34E



M4TE:13H@

M.B`G5&EM97




@;V8@;VYE
M('EE87(@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30Z/]F;VYT/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63I4

M3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M5TE$5$@Z(#$P

M;VQI9#L@34%21TE..B`P:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`W-24[($)/4D1%4BU#3TQ
05!3

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`W

14%2.F)O
M=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C

M

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

3U(Z




M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P

M.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V



14%2.B!B;W1H)SY#87!I=&%L
M)B

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M

14%2
M.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4P
M)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXR
#$U

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&


M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G


T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
M14%2.B!B;W1H)SXR-#@L

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@




P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0U


M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%

14%2.F)O
M=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C

M

#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@


M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!1$1)

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q

C0X+#`P

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/C(P

M965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

Q-C`[

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

14%2.F)O=&@[

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB
M;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXR
#$X/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD


M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'



M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M

14%2
M.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!4CH@

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&

M14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R
M/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M


63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXW
2PP

M1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H
M)SXF(S$V


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#

M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXM
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&



M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!4CH@8F]T

M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G
M/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z

P
#`P
M
#`@

M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

T0Q

3`L-C
P+#`P

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N


P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV


M4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M
M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!4CH@8F]T

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE

M)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\
M+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%

14%2.F)O
M=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#-P

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%
M05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]


14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z
M(&)O=&@G/B8C

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9CL@0T]

M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXR,BPP,#`\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4P)3X@/&1I


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M


P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!
M4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T


M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4

14%2
M.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


14%2.B!B;W1H)SXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B
M;W1H)SXT-S0L,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4


M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T

#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$


24=..B!L


Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF
M(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]



#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB
M;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXR,S(L,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

Q-C`[

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I



M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%


P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L

#`P

M
T0Q

M
C0R+#`P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

T0P('-T



]

]

M;&4]

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P



M/3-$)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&

@
28C.#(Q-SMS
M(')E;G0@97AP96YS92!F;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q
M+`R
#$T+`R,#$S(&%N9`R

M14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)

@3F5W(%)O

63I4:6UE


M




3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q




M3E0M4TE:13H@


M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q

T0G0TQ%


3!P

M=VED=&@]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!

M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

14%2
M.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C

M;&4]

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@

M=VED=&@]
T0Q


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

14%2.F)O=&@[
M0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C

T0G

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



M
T0Q

M)B

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z
M(&)O=&@G/B8C


M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

M)B


T0Q

Q-C`[

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G
M/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@


'!T.R!615)4


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!
M4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXQ+#0V
PP,#`\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@



63H@5&EM
M97


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V5E9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

14%2
M.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


3!P=#L@

M=&@]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
M



M(#0P

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M4TE:13H@


M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=.

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q

S
L

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

13H@;F]R;6%L

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!4CH@8F]T

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P

M14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@



M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M2%0Z(#0P

M.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M965F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

T0Q

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU4

P
M
#`P
#`@


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z
M(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXV
M+#8S
RPP

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z
M(&)O=&@G/B8C

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0



#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV('-T

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/C4L

#PO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

Q-C`[

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@


T0G=VED=&@Z
3`P)3L@=&%B;&4M;&%Y

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
#X\


M-#5B
C0Q
S@S-&5C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(R
M-V-D
&(W7S8R9F5?-#(W-5]A-&-B7S0U8C(T
3
X

M+U-H965T

M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



CX\


3XQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

2P@


]



M)TU!4D=)3CH@


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/

M1TE..B`P:6X@

M3E0M4TE:13H@

14%2.F)O
M=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



M/B8C

'!T.U1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ3&5F=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P,4G/B`\

T0G34%21TE..B`P:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`Y


M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-3
E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M



P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U19

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V




M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q

M(#QD:78^
C`Q




P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0U

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M14E'2%0Z(#0P


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P


3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q

M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\
M='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q

M:60[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^.38L,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N


13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q



M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C$S
BPP

M3U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#4S)3X@/&1I=CY4;W1A;!#=7)R96YT/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z
M(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXQ,PS-S@L
#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[

M;#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$
M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


3$L-#@P+#`P
#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4

M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C$P+#4Q
BPP

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#4S)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C


M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

Q-C`[

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q
4^
M(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

24=..B!L969T.R!&


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$-3

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M:78^


T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\


#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXS-C4L

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L
M93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4S)3X@/&1I=CY3=&%T93PO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q

M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXR
#8L

#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E


M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q

M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV
M/B@Y-BPP

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3`E/B`\9&EV/C(X-BPP

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU4
M3U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXT,C@L,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@


M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]


#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B@U
M.3@L

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-3
E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

M(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q

M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV
M/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L


M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B0\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXQ,PV
M-C0L

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#-P

M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]


#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

13H@


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXQ
2PY
#@L

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))


P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M8F]R9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ
#`E.R!T86)L92UL87EO=70Z



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-

M:6X@







@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L
M(#(P
30L(#(P
3

M13H@

T0G

3`N

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M96QY+B!4:&]S92!A;6]U;G1S(&AA=F4@8F5E;B!A;&QO8V%T960@=&\@=&AE

M(S$V

'!T.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ3&5F

M;&4]
T0G34%21TE..B`P:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`Y


3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0U
R4^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P

CX@/&1I=CXR

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

CX@/&1I=CXR
M

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

M/3-$
CX@/&1I=CXR

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

24=..B!C96YT

'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P




+4%



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'


T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4S)3X@/&1I=CY);F-O
M;64@9G)O;2!C;VYT:6YU:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G,\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$



+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV


M.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3`E/B`\9&EV/CDL.3$T+#`P

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97



'!T.R!6


'!T.R!6


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P





'!T


+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^*#$L,S,R+#`P,D\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M


M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXH
3@R+#`P
D\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M965F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V5E9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M:78^
30S+#`P

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[





'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0U

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M
4^(#QD:78^*#(W-2PP,#`I/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P





M

M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O

M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B@Q+#(V-2PP

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q




M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V5E9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4S)3X@/&1I=CY4;W1A



M9&]U8FQE.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))


M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C0L.3`U+#`P
#PO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N


'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P


#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B0\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$58


+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXW+#0P,PP
#`\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\+W1A8FQE/B`\

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE










63I4

@*&QI86)I;&ET:65S*2!C;VYS:7-T960@;V8@=&AE



'!T)SXF(S$V

M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4%
24=..DQE9G0[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`Q

M/3-$)TU!4D=)3CH@




#`P


3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M


M;&4]


M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0Q
24@8V]L

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!C96YT

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M
T0Q


3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M



M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV


M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXR
M.3$L

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M

#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXS
S(L

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD


M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X@/&1I=CXS
S8L

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M(#QD:78^-CDY+#`P

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D


M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXT
3
L
#`P

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$




P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#4S)3X@/&1I=CY3=&]C:R!C;VUP96YS871I;VX\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q
4^(#QD:78^,2PR.#,L,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV
M/C@Y-BPP

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$-3
E/B`\9&EV/D%C8W)U960@97AP96YS97


#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L


M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4

M24=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXQ+#(V,PP

M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

M9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-3
E/B`\9&EV/DEN

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO


M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I
M=CXQ-#(L

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q

M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[


M9F9F9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M


63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

24=..B!L969T.R!&



M9#L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q
4^(#QD
M:78^,2PR,C@L,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


1494.B`Q
M
W!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P


M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!


T0Q
4^(#QD:78^-2PU.3,L,#`P
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N


P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C


M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


T0Q
4^(#QD:78^,RPU
M-S4L,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L


M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C


M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0Q
4^(#QD
M:78^,RPT-S(L,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0U
R4^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P




M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N




P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0U


P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M



M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^*#0W-BPP,#`I/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXH
S
S+#`P
M


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q

24=..B!L969T.R!&


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N


24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P




M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4




P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0U

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4S)3X@/&1I=CY4;W1A


M965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0Q

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!


T0Q

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M

24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

T0Q

M3U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#4S)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&




M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M(#QD:78^)B

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#4S)3X@/&1I=CY.970@9&5F97)R960@=&%X(&QI86)I;&ET:65S
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&




M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M9&]U8FQE.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


T0Q

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
M
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P




P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@

M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%

P
#`P
#`@

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B@U+#0T-RPP
#`I/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ
#`E.R!T86)L92UL87EO

T0P/CQT








63I4:6UE

M13H@

M=&%T97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'
M24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@


T0G0TQ%05(Z
M8F]T:#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0G5$58


M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$X)2!C;VQS


M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P


M33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3@E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T/B`\9&EV
M/C(P
3

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G

M

C`Q
CPO9&EV/B`\



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0S.24^(#QD:78^
M4W1A='5T;W)Y(&9E9&5R86P@=&%X/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

3$L
#DS+#`P

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P


24=..B!L969T


M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/C$S+#8V-2PP
#`\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

S4N

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M(V-C965F9CL@0T]



M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\9&EV/B4\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/]T

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!L


M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^,2XP
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&


M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58

M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/C
Y
RPP

M9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!L969T


M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D


M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/C(N-CPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q

M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#

#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E


L

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E


M(#QD:78^
XR/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]

#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%

M(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M


M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!L


M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\


#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/C`N
#PO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P


M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E
M/B`\9&EV/B@Y-SDL

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C


M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0S.24^(#QD:78^1E1#('-E='1L

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


M15A4+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^,XP/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0R)3X@/&1I=CXE/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.B`U


2PS.#DL
#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.B`U


M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
SDE/B`\9&EV/D]T:&5R('!E

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/C(P
M,PP

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXP+C8\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

M+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G

M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C


M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^*#$Y,PP
#`I/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M9F9F9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))


M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#
Y)3X@/&1I=CY2

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXH
M
C`S+#`P


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^(#QD:78^)3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0X)3X@/&1I
M=CXH-#4Y+#`P


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!L


M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0X)3X@
M/&1I=CXM
XY/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
SDE/B`\9&EV/D]T:&5R('-T871E(&EN
M8V]M92!T87@@8F5N969I='

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^*#$Q,RPP,#`I/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


M15A4+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M

M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(E

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$



T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^*#8X-BPP,#`I/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%



#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T

M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

M3U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0R)3X@/&1I=CXE/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^*#$W.PP

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0R)3X@/&1I
M=CXE/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

M(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]

M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\


#`P
M

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXS
RXV/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z

P
#`P
#`@

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!


T0X)3X@/&1I=CXQ
2PY
#@L
#`P

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/C

M9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

24=..B!R:6=H

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D


M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXS-2XP/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M9F9F9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^(#QD:78^)3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\+W1A8FQE/B`\9&EV('-T

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


'0O:'1M;#L@






]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]



]


@

M4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E


M(&%S(&9O;&QO=W
6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

M/3-$)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&

M;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#0P)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@3U9%
M4D9


M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M

14%2
M.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!4CH@8F]T

M8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!4CH@8F]T

M93IN;W=R87`[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!4
M15A4+4%

'!T.R!615)4


'!T.R!615)4

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
C$E/B`\9&EV('-T



T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!
M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M

14%2

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@


M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O
M=&@G/B8C


M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXE/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED

M/3-$)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D
M/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&




P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&


M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P

M.T-

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]



P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0R

T0G0TQ%05(Z

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO


M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P

M.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#
M3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-

M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z
M(&)O=&@G/B8C


M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M;W1H.T-

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@


M(#PO=&0^(#PO='(^(#PO=&%B;&4^(#PO9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R
M9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ
#`E.R!T86)L92UL87EO=70Z9FEX




M;VUP96YS871I;VXL(%-T;V-K($]P=&EO;G
L($%C=&EV:71Y/]T9#X-B`@

M



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S

&EN(#!P


M3CI
969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!724142#H@


T1L969T/B`\='(^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&YO

P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O


M

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV


M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!4CH@




M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M

14%2
M.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@


M25I%.B`Q

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

CX@/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SY796EG:'1E9U!=F5R

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF
M(S$V


3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q


3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q


M;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
M



#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#


P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2
M.B!B;W1H)SY3:&%R97

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%
M05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C

T0G=VAI







M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!

#`P

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q


13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO
M9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N


P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV


M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

14%2.F)O=&@[

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P
M,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
#L\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P

M.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#
M3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF
M(S$V

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%

6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!4CH@8F]T

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!
M4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
M

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

14%2
M.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!

M1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M)T-

M965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T

M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\


M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2
M.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E


M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%

14%2.F)O
M=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C

M

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%

14%2.F)O
M=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXR-RXQ-CPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!

M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T

14%2.F)O

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
#L\

13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B
M;W1H)SXH

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/C(X+C@Q/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M8V5E9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M


M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M

Q

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!4CH@


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M


M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


T0Q


#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!4CH@8F]T


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2
M.B!B;W1H)SXX+CDP/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/]T

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0W)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-

S$L(#(P
30\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P

M.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V


M-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#-P

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]


14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z



M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z

M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB
M;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXX+C$T/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S





T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].

'!T)SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE('-U;6UA



M13H@

M14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)

#`E)SX@/'1A



#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T

14%2.F)O
M=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C

M


M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@





#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z







Q

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF
M(S$V




#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M


M87`[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%


14%2.B!B
M;W1H)SX@1W)A;G0F(S$V
#M$871E)B


M;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-


2P@
C`Q

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G
M/B8C


M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


T0Q

SDS+#4S
CPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H
M.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P
M,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

14%2.F)O=&@[
M0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0T


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4

14%2
M.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C

M;&4]

#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@


M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!1$1)

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q

C@N-#

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E


M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%

14%2.F)O
M=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q


M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^


24=..B!L969T.R!&


Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$


M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-


M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0P


P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!
M4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2
M.B!B;W1H)SXH-RPS,S,I/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0P)3X@/&1I


M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q

24=..B!R

M8V5E9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!4CH@


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M5%E


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO


'0O:'1M;#L@




]






M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@4V%L97
@8GD@0VAA;FYE;#PO=&0^



'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
M

'!T
M.TU!4D=)3CH@



@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L
M(#(P
30L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5$58

T0G
M34%21TE..B`P:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`X

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V



'!T

#`P
#`P


M13H@

T0Q

C`Q
SPO9&EV


M93IN;W=R87`[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!4
M15A4+4%

'!T.R!615)4


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I



#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B


M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/B8C
M


M15A4+4%

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P


M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

M;VUA;CL@0T]

M:60[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R
M/B`\9&EV/B8C




P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0T

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^


M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXU-RPQ-3DL
#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV/B`\


M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXW-2PU
M
C$L

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3`E/B`\9&EV/C@T+#0Q-RPP

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0S)3X@/&1I

:69E/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E


M14E'2%0Z(#0P

C`V+#8U-RPP
#`\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@
M/&1I=CXR
C@L-S(Y+#`P

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\


M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXR
38L
M
#DT+#`P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0T


M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E



M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P

34L
S
V+#`P
#PO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q

M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58

M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXQ-PS,#DL,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M



M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXV+#`T-2PP

M9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T




#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P


63H@
M=&EM97

M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N



M8V5E9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.B`U


M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C(X-2PR.#4L

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$


M:60[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C
R-PP
M-30L,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L



M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[

M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\+W1A





M24].4RP@15A)5!!0U1)5DE42453+!!3D0@0TQ)3DE#($]3$E'051)3TY3
M(A486)L97


]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#





M
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@

@82!S=6UM
M87)Y(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W

@


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I

&EN

'!T
M)SXF(S$V

T0G
M0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P

M:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`X


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-#
E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\


M($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=.

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q

C`Q-#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D


M87`[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q

C`Q
SPO9&EV/B`\


M;W=R87`[($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4
M+4%

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q

C`Q
CPO9&EV



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0S)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T




#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%


M25I%.B`Q


M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!

M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%



#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-#
E/B`\9&EV/E)E=F5N=64\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I
M=CXS
BPX
S(L

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W




P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P


M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXH
3
L
34P+#`P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`Q

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!
M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M

D\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]

M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
M
#`P


L.#DX+#`P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T




M965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

S`R+#`P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M
S
R+#`P


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M2%0Z(#0P

M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXH-RPX-#@L
#`P*3PO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q

M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

24=..B!L



M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0Q

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M25I%.B`Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@

#LF(S$V


'!T
M)SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE('!R97-E;G1S('1H92!A9V=R96=A=&4@

M='

M3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q
34E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@3U9%4D9



13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0Y)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M





M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V



#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B


M.B`T


M;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0Y)3X@
M/&1I=CY!4U-%5%

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L
M93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0T.24^(#QD

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

24=..B!L


M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S

M8V5E9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M-#DE/B`\9&EV/E)E8V5I=F%B;&5S+!N970\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

24=..B!L




P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'


3(S+#`P
#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S

M8V5E9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M-#DE/B`\9&EV/E!R97!A:60@97AP96YS97


#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P
M.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T

M(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!1$1)

'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


24=..B!L969T.R!&




P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0T.24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P


M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE


13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0X)3X@/&1I=CXR
BPP

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0Y)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q

M8FQE.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].

M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXR
#8L

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M3U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

P
#`P
#`@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@
M,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0Y)3X@/&1I=CY,24%24Q)5$E%

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q

M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0X)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0Y)3X@

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4



M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

M13H@

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXT+#@U.PP,#`\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$
M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0Y
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!


T0X)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0Y)3X@/&1I=CY

M=&EO;G

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^,BPW-38L,#`P
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&




P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0T.24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P


M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W

M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R


30L

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#PO
M='(^(#PO=&%B;&4^(#PO9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,!S




M4D=)3CH@


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M

M.B`P:6X@

M





M;G

\

Q+`R,#$T.CPO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E



M;VQI9#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(,Y96(V8V4@,'!X('-O;&ED.R!724142#H@
M-C`E.R!3U)$15(M0T]




M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R



T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$-#DE/B`\9&EV/D-H87)G97
@:6YC=7)R960@9'5R:6YG('1H92!P

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P


M5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P

M:78^
2PS-C$L

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

Q
M+`R,#$S/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L



M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[

M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M



P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

M9&EV/B8C


M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^
M-BPP,#8L,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE



P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0T.24^(#QD:78^4&%Y;65N='
@

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4



M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&



#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z

M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'


P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E
M/B`\9&EV/C8L-3
T+#`P

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


T0G=VED=&@Z


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
#X\='(^/'1D/CPO

M)B


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M8V5M8F5R(#

M


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\9&EV('-T

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#8P)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@
M3U9%4D9


M13H@



+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V5E9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R
M/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

13H@;F]R;6%L




M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

3!P

M=VED=&@]


2P@

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97



M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M965F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M(#0P



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#`\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\+W1A8FQE/B`\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M86)L92!B;W)D97(]




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B
M
C=C9#!B-U\V
F9E7S0R-S5?831C8E\T-6(R-#$S.#
T96
O5V]R:W-H965T



M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]




]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@



M17%U:7!M96YT(%M




M;G1S(%M-96UB97)=('P@36EN:6UU;2!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@






]
M





]
T1T97AT/C$U






]
T1T97AT/C





]

]
M





]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



T1T

:69E
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XU('EE87)S/'-P86X^


C=C9#!B-U\V
M
F9E7S0R-S5?831C8E\T-6(R-#$S.#
T96



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]



^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]


]



]


]
T1R



M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+#4V-BPP
#`I


M(#$S+#$X
2PP







]

M;7`^




RPW






]


]



@96%R;FEN9W
@


]






]


]











T/'-P86X^

;W-S






C=C9#!B-U\V
F9E7S0R-S5?831C
M8E\T-6(R-#$S.#
T96



^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@



M(&-O;'-P86X]




T1T
M;W`^4V%L97

\+W1D/@T*

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3(U+#`P
#QS


T1T;W`^




C(L
#`P/'-P







]
M


]

C=C9#!B-U\V
F9E7S0R-S5?831C
M8E\T-6(R-#$S.#
T96




S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO

]







RPP





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]


]

]
T1N=6T^*#(V
RPP


2PP


#DL
#`P




]
T1N=6UP/C8W+#@P
BPP


M
C0L-#4Y+#`P




T1T;W`^26YV


S$L-#(P+#`P


]



]


M:79A;&5N='


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

C
L.#DT+#`P
M














]

]



]
M
T1N=6UP/C


]


]
T1N=6UP/C
P

]






]





]


]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]S=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S

3DL
C8U+#`P





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C@P-RPP


M-2PP




M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-C4L







]


C(L

C4L
3$R+#`P


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%S:`F86UP.R!#87-H

M-C4L

M1&YU;7`^-2PT
C0L


\+W1D/@T*



]


]



T1T;W`^/'-T

M(%-E8W5R:71I97






]


]
T1N=6UP/C4V-2PP




]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]



]
T1N=6UP/C`\






]






]




]


]

]
M







]


]
T1N=6UP/C8S+#`P





]

]



]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^17-T:6UA=&5D($9A:7(@5F%L=64\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@










]


3`L-C8W+#`P


]



T1T;W`^1F%I











]

]
T1N=6UP/C8Y-2PP
#`\

M+#`W-BPP





M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S
2PP






]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C0L
M



]




]



T1T;W`^26YV97-T;65N


]

]


]



@6TQI;F4@271E


]

]
T1N=6UP/C0L-34Y+#`P
M


]

M86QI9VX]





]
T1T97AT


T1T

M1&YU;7`^
34L


C8L



3@L

#`P





]



\+W1D

]
T1N=6UP/C8L
34W+#`P
M

]
T1T97AT

]



]






]




]
T1N=6T^*#$Y+#`P





]


\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]
T1N=6UP/C@L.#(X+#`P



]









]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]S=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C

RPV-3(L


RPU
C0L








]

]
M






RPW
M-3$L

M1&YU;7`^
RPV-3(L


]


M(%-E8W5R:71I97

]
M
T1N=6UP/C
L-C4R+#`P


]

]
M



]



BPP








]
M



]

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^56YR96%L:7IE9!
;W-S97
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@













M;7`^


]


]


M95\T

C0Q
S@S-&5C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(R-V-D
&(W7S8R9F5?-#(W-5]A-&-B7S0U8C(T
3
X
S1E



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V


$5)2#X-B`@(`@



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

;W-S*2!O;B!-87)K971A8FQE(%-E8W5R:71I97


]



M+#`P


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B
C=C9#!B-U\V
F9E7S0R-S5?831C
M8E\T-6(R-#$S.#
T96


T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J




S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]





3`L

]
T1R

#QS


]



#`P

M
3`L.#`Y+#`P


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5S97)V92!F;W(@3V)S;VQE=&4@26YV96YT;W)Y/]T

]
T1N=6T^*#(V-2PP
#`I

]

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B
C=C
M9#!B-U\V
F9E7S0R-S5?831C8E\T-6(R-#$S.#
T96

M:&5E=#


M='`M97%U:78]

]



]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P
3


L







]
T1N
M=6UP/C
S+#0W-RPP





]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C8U


]






3
L
S0V+#`P


]
T1R:#X-


]
T1T97AT

]

#$L

L
S0W+#`P
M

]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
30Y+#`P


M-C)F95\T

C0Q
S@S-&5C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(R-V-D
&(W7S8R9F5?-#(W-5]A-&-B7S0U8C(T
3
X
M


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E


$521T%%/@T*

M




M(&-O;'-P86X]




T1T






#4R+#`P
M

RPP



]
T1R;SX-

]
T1N=6UP/C
L
S`P+#`P
M

]
T1T97AT

]

@






M


L
30T+#`P


M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B,C=C9#!B-U\V,F9E7S0R-S5?831C8E\T
M-6(R-#$S.#,T96,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8C(W
M8V0P8C=?-C)F95\T

C0Q

O
M4VAE970T
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQS





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3(L
#
Q+#`P
M

]

RPX.3`L

#
L


]
T1N=6UP
M/C$L
S
U+#`P


]






]
T1R;W4^#0H@(`@(`@



BPR
S`L
#`P


C=C
M9#!B-U\V
F9E7S0R-S5?831C8E\T-6(R-#$S.#
T96


M(&-O;G1E;G0]



S$L
M(#(P




]
T1T97AT

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^0V%P:71A;!
96%S97
@









#$X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$


#$Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%P:71A;!
96%S97
L(%1O=&%L(&UI;FEM



]

C(L
#`P/'-P86X^

]





]
M

M;7`^
C0R+#`P


]





96%S97
@
C`Q-3PO=&0^




M86QI9VX]



96%S
M97
@


T1T

#$Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L

2PP






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B
C=C9#!B
M-U\V
F9E7S0R-S5?831C8E\T-6(R-#$S.#
T96




M97%U:78]


]




SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-2PS-S$L
#`P/'-P86X^

M:6YU:6YG($]P97)A=&EO;G

]
T1T


M




]







C
S+#`P


M+R\O0SHO8C(W8V0P8C=?-C)F95\T

C0Q
S@S-&5C+U=O



T0G





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
M



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
RPX
#`L







]
T1T97AT/C(P





]
T1R;SX-


]




M9!296YT+!#=7)R96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M





]









]
T1T97AT


T1T









]



]




]
M


M9VX]


]






]

L('5N;&5S

]

]

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

3`L(#(P
34\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@


M96YC:65S(%M






]
T1T97AT/CQS





]
T1T



]


]



]










;VYG

]
T1T


]


]
T1T97AT

]



]






C`Q-2X\



]


P-@D)
C`Q-3QS


T1T;W`^


]
T1T

]
T1T

]


]



T1T;W`^3&]N9RUT97)M($1E8G0L




T1T;W`^




M;7

]



;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B
C=C9#!B-U\V
F9E7S0R-S5?831C8E\T-6(R
M-#$S.#
T96



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO


M9G)O;2!#;VYT:6YU:6YG($]P97)A=&EO;G
@*$1E=&%I;D@*%531`D*3QB


SXQ
B!-;VYT:'


2P@
C`Q

M

]
M
'!E;G-E($)E;F5F:70@

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`L


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`L-3$R+#`P
M

]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C(X-BPP


C@L



]


3`L-C8T+#`P






]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]


]




]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+#8X
BPP





]
T1N=6UP/C
V-2PP

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U
C@L



]

]


]



]


]





S(L




C`V+#`P


]


]

]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^5&]T

M.38L


]
T1N=6UP/B0@




M=!I9#TS1$E$,$4S3$%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]

M=&%T96UE;G0@271E;7


SXQ
B!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]


]


]





T1T;W`^3&]S


]
T1N=6T^*#$L
S
R+#`P
M


]





L

L


M-S4L



]
T1N=6UP/B0@-RPT
#`L

C=C9#!B-U\V
F9E7S0R-S5?831C
M8E\T-6(R-#$S.#
T96



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q


M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@


]

]


]



]




S8L

@

]
M
T1N=6UP/C0Q
RPP






]
T1N=6UP/C@Y-BPP
#`\






M



S
W+#`P


]
T1R

M+#`P




RPP
#`\

M+#4W-2PP


BPP


M=F5S=&UE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R.30L
M


\+W1D/@T*


M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W-3(L
M

]


]


]
T1R;SX-

#QS



]
T1N=6T^*#@L

M




BPP


M8C=?-C)F95\T

C0Q

O4VAE
M970T.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O


SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@



]



2PP
M.3
L







]
T1N=6UP/C
Y
RPP

S8L


RPP
#`\


M

]




]
T1N=6T^*#DP
BPP
#`I



]
T1N


X.2PP


C`P+#`P



M9VX]

]
T1N=6T^*#(P
RPP
#`I

M-#4Y+#`P



3$S+#`P

]
M
T1N=6T^*#8X-BPP



]


]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
3`L-C8T+#`P

]
T1N=6UP/B0@.2PY
30L





M
2XP


]







]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

BXV


RXR



]
T1N=6UP/C`N








]



BXT



]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C


]
T1N=6UP
M/C



]
T1T

]




]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@








]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^
M4&%Y;65N='


]

]

























]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
3DW+#`P


]

]
M

M:7)A=&EO;B!996%R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\

M




M
C=C9#!B-U\V
F9E7S0R-S5?831C8E\T-6(R-#$S.#
T96

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4



M14E&04

CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\






M1&YU;7`^
2XV


]
M

N





M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8C(W8V0P8C=?-C)F95\T

M-#5B
C0Q

O4VAE970U
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


@06-T:79I='D@

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@


]

]
T1T

]




]



]
M







]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C8W+#

]







M86QI9VX]






M:'1E9U!=F5R86=E($5X97)C:7-E(%!R:6-E+!/=7-T86YD:6YG($5N9&EN


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C0N
C8\

M/E=E:6=H=&5D+4%V97)A9V4@4F5M86EN:6YG($-O;G1R86-T=6%L($QI9F4@





]

@
M




M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8C(W8V0P8C=?-C)F95\T

C0Q
M

O4VAE970U
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




]

]
T1T

]


]

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C
Y
RPU




T1T;W`^
M5F5S=&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
3DL
S@X

]


]

#$T/]T9#X-B`@





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M






]





]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C4N
3
\

M
&(W7S8R9F5?-#(W-5]A-&-B7S0U8C(T
3
X






]





M(&-O;'-P86X]




T1T

]


]


]



]




@


]


]








]


]
T1T97AT/C





M4&%I9!I;B!#87!I=&%L+!);F-O;64@5&%X($)E;F5F:70@9G)O;2!3:&%R

]
M
T1N=6UP/C(W-2PP


L


2PR-C4L




#`\




]



T1T;W`^/'-T

]


]


]

]
T1T97AT/C0@







]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]





]


]


]

]
T1T97AT/C





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C0N











@26X@3&EE
M=2!/9B!-965T:6YG($9E97






]
T1R







RPY
3@L

RPR
#DL

BPX-3`L
#`P












]



]

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@-S
T+#`P


]

]
M

]











M='D@26YS=')U;65N='

]
T1N=6UP/C$Q.2PS.#@\



M
&(W7S8R9F5?-#(W-5]A-&-B7S0U8C(T
3
X






]

T1)1#!%
45!



3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P




]


#$U


M=&4@0F%S:7







3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S<STS1&YU;7`^(#4L
M
#`P+#`P



]
T1T


]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P








C0L
#4T
M+#`P


]






M:6YG($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(%M






34Y+#`P






:69E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@






]







M;VYG/E-E9VUE;G0@4F5P;W)T:6YG($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(%M
:6YE($ET96US


34L
M-#(T+#`P

#DL

]


]


]

]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-BPP-#4L
M

M;7`^)`T+#0V.PP


L-S4Q+#`P



'0O:'1M



]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L
M(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q

]







M


R+#@S
BPP


X+#$S-2PP


@8F5F;W)E(&EN8V]M

]
T1N=6T^*#0L.#4V+#`P





]
T1N=6T^*#4L
S`R+#`P

#`I/'-P

2PS
M
S(L

]

M/3-$;G5M/B0@*#
L
38V+#`P



&(W7S8R9F5?-#(W
M-5]A-&-B7S0U8C(T
3
X






]

T1)1#!%-D-!13X-B`@(`@(#QT

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3




M/3-$=&]P/E)E8V5I=F%B;&5S+!N970\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]



]


]




2PQ.3`L
#`P/'-P86X^



]
T1T97AT



]


]







]

BPW-38L
#`P/'-P86X^


]

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@-RPV
30L

3X-CPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].
M97AT4&%R=%]B
C=C9#!B-U\V
F9E7S0R-S5?831C8E\T-6(R-#$S.#
T96
-



M(&ED/3-$240P14E&04









]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PS-C$L



]


]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D%C8W)U960@0F%L86YC93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


M95\T

C0Q
S@S-&5C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(R-V-D
&(W7S8R9F5?-#(W-5]A-&-B7S0U8C(T
3
X
S1E


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V


$5

2!R



]


]


]



]
T1R93X-

BPW-38L
#`P/'-P


#$T

T+#`P
#QS





]


@3V)L:6=A=&EO;G
@

M;CTS1#(^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
SQB

#$R


M1&ES8V]N=&EN=65D($]P97)A=&EO;G

]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-BPU
M
S0L



]







L($EN8VQU9&EN9R!$:7-C


]






]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


]
T1N=6UP/C8P


]

RPS
#`L



#`L


#`L




]

M;7`^-C`P+#`P


]


]

]



T1T;W`^1&ES8V]N=&EN=65D($]P


]





#`L

BPQ
#`L
#`P/'-P




]

M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8C(W8V0P8C=?-C)F95\T

C0Q
S@S

O4VAE970V
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7



]

M26X@36EL;&EO;G



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]


]

]



&(W7S8R9F5?-#(W-5]A-&-B
M7S0U8C(T
3
X



M(E-H965T
#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`R+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#`U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P-BYH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
3
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$T
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#$W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
M.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3DN:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970R
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
C(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(S+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#(V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R-RYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970S
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S$N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T
S0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
U+FAT;6PB

T0B4VAE970S.2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970T,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#,N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T-#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0W+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#4P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U,2YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970U-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-34N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T-3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4Y
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis=us-gaap_SegmentContinuingOperationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis=us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ScheduleOfComponentsOfTotalIncomeTaxProvisionTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 million, $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 million, $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesAndCapitalLeasesTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ScheduleOfOperatingLeaseRentExpenseTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=med_MedifastDirectMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=med_TakeShapeForLifeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=med_FranchiseWeightControlCentersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=med_MedifastWholesalePhysicansMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_OperatingAndCapitalLeasesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseSubleaseRentals1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquipmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_LeaseExpirationYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis=us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_OperatingAndCapitalLeasesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedRentCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_OperatingAndCapitalLeasesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ControlCentersLeasesRangePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ControlCentersLeasesTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_OperatingAndCapitalLeasesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ControlCentersLeasesRangePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ControlCentersLeasesTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNonvestedRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureOfEntitysReportableSegmentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ScheduleOfSaleByChannelTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessDescriptionAndBasisOfPresentationTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
&#160;<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationsAndDisposalGroupsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsIncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
The following table presents the aggregate carrying amounts of the major classes of assets and liabilities divested <font style=LINE-HEIGHT: 115%; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
The following table summarizes the <font style=LINE-HEIGHT: 115%; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis=us-gaap_SegmentContinuingOperationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherDepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis=us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSalesOfAssetsAndAssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=med_MedifastCorporateWeightControlCentersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherDepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyDamagesSoughtValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_PaymentsToCivilPenalty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=med_FirstGuaranteeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_GuaranteeAccruedCharge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCurrentBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPaymentTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=med_SecondGuaranteeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_DebtInstrumentOutstandingLoan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPaymentTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardNetOfForfeitures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardNetOfForfeitures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockRetiredCostMethodAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesRetired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockRetiredCostMethodAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesRetired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_SummaryOfExpensesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ChargesForExpensesIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_PaymentsForExpensesIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesReturnsAndAllowancesGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationBasisOfPresentationBusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriorPeriodReclassificationAdjustmentDescription'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_AccountsReceivableAndAllowanceForSalesReturnsAndDoubtfulAccountsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
We review the reserves for customer returns at each reporting period and adjust them to reflect data available at that time. To estimate reserves for returns, we consider actual return rates in preceding periods. To the extent the estimate of returns changes, we will adjust the reserve, which will impact the amount of product sales revenue recognized in the period of the adjustment. Our estimates for returns have not differed materially from our actual returns. The provision for estimated returns as of December 31, 2014 and 2013 was $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
Allowances for doubtful accounts are based primarily on an analysis of aged accounts receivable balances and the credit worthiness of our customers as determined by credit checks and analysis, as well as customer payment history. The allowance for doubtful accounts as of December 31, 2014 and 2013 was $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred, except for the preparation, layout, design and production of advertising costs which are expensed when the advertisement is first used. Advertising expense for continuing operations, excluding broker fees, for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012, amounted to $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 million, $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 million, and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionLeasesOperating'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StartUpActivitiesCostPolicy'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CloseUpActivitiesCostPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization.<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <table style=LINE-HEIGHT: 115%; WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: Calibri
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 - <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 - <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 years<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 - Revenue is recognized net of discounts, rebates, promotional adjustments, price adjustments, and estimated returns and upon transfer of title and risk to the customer which occurs at shipping (F.O.B. terms). Upon shipment, the Company has no further performance obligations and collection is reasonably assured as the majority of sales are paid prior to shipping. Medifast Weight Control Centers program fees were recognized over the estimated service period.<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
, raises the threshold for a disposal to qualify as a discontinued operation and requires new disclosures of both discontinued operations and certain other disposals that do not meet the definition of a discontinued operation. It is effective for annual periods beginning on or after December 15, 2014. The Company elected early option of the pronouncement and accounted for the discontinued operations of the Medifast Corporate Weight Control Center channel in accordance with these guidelines.<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleEquitySecuritiesAmortizedCostBasis'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedGainBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentOwnedAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAxis=us-gaap_CashMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleEquitySecuritiesAmortizedCostBasis'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedGainBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentOwnedAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleEquitySecuritiesAmortizedCostBasis'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedGainBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentOwnedAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleEquitySecuritiesAmortizedCostBasis'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedGainBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentOwnedAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleEquitySecuritiesAmortizedCostBasis'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedGainBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentOwnedAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleEquitySecuritiesAmortizedCostBasis'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedGainBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentOwnedAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleEquitySecuritiesAmortizedCostBasis'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedGainBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentOwnedAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleEquitySecuritiesAmortizedCostBasis'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedGainBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentOwnedAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleEquitySecuritiesAmortizedCostBasis'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedGainBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentOwnedAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleEquitySecuritiesAmortizedCostBasis'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedGainBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentOwnedAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsAllOtherInvestmentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndInvestmentSecuritiesAvailableForSaleTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both;LINE-HEIGHT: normal; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Calibri

 <div style=CLEAR:both;LINE-HEIGHT: normal; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Calibri

 <div style=CLEAR:both;LINE-HEIGHT: normal; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Calibri
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsDiscontinuedOperationsExtraordinaryItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedIncomeTaxesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesDiscontinuedOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfShortTermInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesDiscontinuedOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromPaymentsForOtherFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfOtherEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesDiscontinuedOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableAndSalesReturnsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
The Company has issued non-qualified and incentive stock options to employees and nonemployee directors. The fair value of these options are estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which requires estimates of the expected term of the option, the expected volatility of the price of the Company&#8217;s common stock, dividend yield and the risk-free interest rate. Options outstanding as of December 31, 2014 vest over a period of three years with an expiration term of ten years. The exercise price of these options ranges from $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 to $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
. The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company&#8217;s common stock over the period of time equivalent to the expected term for each award. Due to the Company&#8217;s lack of option exercise history, the expected term is calculated using the simplified method defined as the midpoint between the vesting period and the contractual term of each award. The risk free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect on the date of grant which most closely corresponds to the expected term of the option. The Company historically has not issued dividends and therefore does not utilize a dividend yield in the calculation. <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
The weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted was $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
. The unrecognized compensation expense calculated under the fair value method for shares expected to vest as of December 31, 2014 was approximately $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
The Company has issued restricted stock to employees and nonemployee directors generally with terms ranging up to seven years. The fair value is equal to the market price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the date of grant. Expense for restricted stock is amortized ratably over the vesting period. <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
The total share-based compensation expense charged against income during the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 were $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
, $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
, and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
, respectively. <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of performance awards to be issued to certain key employees based on achieving 2014 financial plan that will vest on December 31, 2015.&#160; The Company intends to issue additional performance awards in 2015 to certain key employees if certain 2015 financial plans are met.&#160; During 2014, the Company issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 restricted stock awards to certain key employees vesting over <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 - <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 years. The Company issued additional awards to members of the Board of Directors including: <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares to vest over a one year period <font style=LINE-HEIGHT: 115%; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

. The total income tax benefit recognized in the consolidated statement of income for these restricted stock awards was approximately $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
, $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 for the years ending December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. The tax benefit recognized in additional paid-in capital upon vesting of restricted stock awards was approximately $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
, $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 for the years ending December 31, 2014, 2013, 2012, respectively. There was approximately $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock awards as of December 31, 2014. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 revolving line of credit with Bank of America at the <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at December 31, 2014. The agreement expires on <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNonoperatingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxAttributableToReportingEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerBasicShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerBasicShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
Depreciation and amortization expense for continuing operations for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 was $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
, $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
, and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
, respectively. Depreciation and amortization expense for discontinued operations related to the Medifast Corporate Weight Control Centers for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 was $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
, $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
, and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
, respectively.&#160;As a result of the sale and closure of the Medifast Weight Control Centers, the Company incurred an asset impairment loss of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 4.65pt; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentScheduleOfSignificantAcquisitionsAndDisposalsTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <table style=LINE-HEIGHT: 115%; WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: Calibri
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 - <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 - <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureOfEntitysReportableSegmentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
The Company filed a civil complaint on February 17, 2010 in the U.S. District Court (SD, Cal) against Barry&#160;Minkow&#160;and the Fraud Discovery Institute, Inc. (collectively, &#8220;Minkow&#8221;),&#160;iBusiness&#160;Reporting, and its editor William&#160;Lobdell, Tracy&#160;Coenen&#160;and Sequence, Inc. (collectively, &#8220;Coenen&#8221;), &#8220;Zee Yourself&#8221;, and Robert L. Fitzpatrick (&#8220;FitzPatrick&#8221;) for defamation, market manipulation and unfair business practices, alleging a scheme of market manipulation of Medifast stock for Defendants&#8217; for monetary gain, and damaging the business reputation of Medifast and its Take Shape For Life division. Bradley T. MacDonald, former Executive Chairman of Medifast and a stockholder, joined the lawsuit individually.&#160;The lawsuit seeks $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 million loan and a $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 million line of credit. The variable rate term loan has a <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 year term expiring in September 2015; <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 The <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 The franchisee associated with these loans has failed to pay the monthly obligations and the Company expects to be required to perform under this guarantee and has accrued a charge of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 million as of December 31, 2014. The Company is a secondary guarantor on the loan and line of credit and has pursued personal recourse against the franchise owner. The second guarantee provides financial coverage for a $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 million loan. The variable rate term loan has a <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 year term expiring in October 2015; <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 The Company is the third guarantor on these loans and has recourse against another entity owned by the franchisee and the franchisee owner(s) themselves should it be deemed necessary. As of March 10, 2015, the franchisee has an outstanding balance of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On July 20, 2012, Jason Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, signed a proposed consent decree with the Federal Trade Commission (&#8220;FTC&#8221;), in response to the FTC&#8217;s investigation of certain statements in the Company&#8217;s advertising for its weight-loss programs.&#160; On September 17, 2012 the consent decree was entered and approved by the United States District Court for the District of Columbia. The consent decree replaces a previous consent order entered into by Jason Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the FTC in 1992.&#160; The FTC expressed concern that some of the Company&#8217;s advertising contained claims which were not compatible with current standards for substantiation.&#160; Pursuant to the consent decree, the Company agreed to modify certain advertising claims in this regard and agreed to ensure that its clinical studies meet the protocol contained in the consent agreement.&#160; The Company paid a civil penalty of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <table style=WIDTH: 75%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 4.65pt; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_LeasesCommitmentsAndContingenciesTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
. <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
As of December 31, 2014, the Company leases office space for corporate offices, a distribution facility in Texas, a raw materials warehouse in Maryland, as well as 77 leases for previously corporate-operated Medifast Weight Control Centers under lease terms ranging from five to ten years. The 77 leases include 3 Centers closed in December 2013, 34 Centers that were closed in December 2014, and 40 leases for Centers that were sold to franchise partners during 2014&#160;and entered into sublease agreements with the franchisees. The Company accrued for the remaining lease obligations net of any sublease income, see Note 13 for exit activity and clinic obligations.&#160;Monthly payments under the Medifast Weight Control Centers leases range in price from $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 to $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
Total minimum lease payments have not been reduced by minimum sublease rent income of approximately $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 million and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 million, $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 million, and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

The total tax provision for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 was $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 million, $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 million, $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
The 2014, 2013 and 2012 effective tax rates were impacted by the Company&#8217;s extensive state income tax planning.&#160; This planning includes taking advantage of Maryland&#8217;s apportionment methodology.&#160; As a manufacturing entity based in Maryland, the Company utilizes the single sales factor apportionment method in addition to claiming new state jobs credits and research &amp; development credits.&#160; These benefits were offset in 2012 by a $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
The Company has separate company state net operating loss carry forwards totaling $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 million start expiring in <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
.&#160; Maryland state credits carry forwards totaling $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
&#160;will begin to expire in <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_NumeratorAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxAttributableToReportingEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_DenominatorAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_EffectOfDilutiveCommonStockEquivalent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerBasicShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerBasicShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px 0px 0px 13.5pt; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px 0px 0px 13.5pt; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_StatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationDeductionsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseResearchAndDevelopment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxContingenciesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCreditsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseResearchAndDevelopment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxContingenciesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCreditsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCredits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableTradeCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedSalesCommissionCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesAndExciseTaxPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableOtherCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedHoldingGainLossOnSecuritiesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIForSaleOfSecuritiesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsAllOtherInvestmentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both;LINE-HEIGHT: normal; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Calibri
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both;LINE-HEIGHT: normal; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Calibri

 <div style=CLEAR:both;LINE-HEIGHT: normal; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Calibri

 <div style=CLEAR:both;LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Calibri

 <div style=CLEAR:both;LINE-HEIGHT: normal; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt 0.25in; FONT-FAMILY: Calibri

 <div style=CLEAR:both;LINE-HEIGHT: normal; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt 0.25in; FONT-FAMILY: Calibri

 <div style=CLEAR:both;LINE-HEIGHT: normal; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt 0.25in; FONT-FAMILY: Calibri

 <div style=CLEAR:both;LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt 0.25in; FONT-FAMILY: Calibri

 <div style=CLEAR:both;LINE-HEIGHT: normal; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt 0.25in; FONT-FAMILY: Calibri

 <div style=CLEAR:both;LINE-HEIGHT: normal; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Calibri

 <div style=CLEAR:both;LINE-HEIGHT: normal; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Calibri


 <div style=CLEAR:both;LINE-HEIGHT: normal; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Calibri

 <div style=CLEAR:both;LINE-HEIGHT: normal; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Calibri
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both;LINE-HEIGHT: normal; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Calibri
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both;LINE-HEIGHT: normal; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Calibri


 and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoriesPropertyHeldForSaleCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationPrepaidAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOtherLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <table style=WIDTH: 75%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 4.65pt; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterials'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetailRelatedInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_InventoryNonFoodFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationsAndDisposalGroupsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
In 2014, the Company exited the MWCC corporate center model by selling 41 centers to existing franchise partners <font style=LINE-HEIGHT: 115%; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 million associated with the discontinued operations. This charge includes $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 million for one-time termination benefits, $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 million for closed clinic lease obligations, $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 million for impaired assets, and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 million in other facility related closure costs. These exit activity costs were partially offset by a gain of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 million of clinic closure costs recorded for the closure of 8 corporate centers in December 2013 and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 million of clinic closure costs for the closure of 34 corporate centers in December 2014. As of December 31, 2014, $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 million of clinic closure costs are included in accrued expenses. The accrual is comprised of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 million for closed clinic lease obligations, $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 million for customer refunds, $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 million for accrued severance charges, and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
The following table presents the aggregate carrying amounts of the major classes of assets and liabilities divested <font style=LINE-HEIGHT: 115%; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
The following table summarizes the <font style=LINE-HEIGHT: 115%; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

