

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-13-015443
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		12
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20121231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20130315
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20130315
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MEDIFAST INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000910329
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS FOOD PREPARATIONS & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2090]
		IRS NUMBER:				133714405
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31573
		FILM NUMBER:		13694240
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11445 CRONHILL DRIVE
		CITY:			OWINGS MILLS
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21117
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7327640619
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11445 CRONHILL DRIVE
		CITY:			OWINGS MILLS
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21117
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HEALTHRITE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19951120
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	XX
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950619
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	00
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950619









     






WASHINGTON
 D.C. 20549




    
    


 2012




    
    


to &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;.


Medifast
&nbsp;Inc. 
(Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter) 



    
    
    

    
    
    

11445 Cronhill Dr.
 Owings Mills
 MD
21117
(Address of principal executive offices)&nbsp;(Zip
code) 

Registrant&rsquo;s telephone number
including area code: 


Securities registered pursuant to Section&nbsp;12(b)&nbsp;of
the Act: 




Title
        of each class
    

Name
        of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock
 par value $.001
    
    

    
    
    

Securities registered pursuant to Section&nbsp;12(g)
of the Act: None


is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule&nbsp;405 of the Securities Act.



is not required to file reports pursuant to Section&nbsp;13 or Section&nbsp;15(d) of the Act.



mark whether the registrant (1)&nbsp;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&nbsp;13 or 15(d)&nbsp;of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12&nbsp;months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports)
 and (2)&nbsp;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90&nbsp;days.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&nbsp;



mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File
required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&nbsp;



mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item&nbsp;405 of Regulation&nbsp;S-K (&sect;229.405) is not contained herein
and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part&nbsp;III of this Form&nbsp;10-K or any amendment to this Form&nbsp;10-K.&nbsp;&nbsp;


mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller reporting
company&rdquo; in Rule&nbsp;12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Accelerated
filer&nbsp;&nbsp;
&nbsp;&nbsp;(Do
not check if a smaller reporting company)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Smaller reporting
company&nbsp;&nbsp;


is a shell company (as defined in Rule&nbsp;12b-2 of the Act).
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&nbsp;



 2012
the aggregate market value of the registrant&rsquo;s common stock held by non-affiliates was approximately $250 million based on
the closing price as reported on the New York Stock Exchange.


as of March 15
 2013 was 13
767
380.


    
    


CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS


 &rdquo;) contains forward-looking and are being made pursuant to the &ldquo;safe harbor&rdquo; provisions of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
 Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended

Act
&rdquo;).&nbsp;
Forward-looking statements often include words such as &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo;
&ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo;
&ldquo;seek
&rdquo; &ldquo;would
&rdquo; &ldquo;could
&rdquo; and similar words or are made in connection with discussions of future
operating or financial performance.


management&rsquo;s expectations at the date of this Report regarding future conditions
 events or results. They are not guarantees
of future performance. By their nature
 forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our actual results and
financial condition may differ materially from what is anticipated in the forward-looking statements. There are many factors that
could cause actual conditions
 events or results to differ from those anticipated by the forward-looking statements contained in
this Report. They include the factors discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors.



reliance on forward-looking statements in this Report or that we make from time to time
 and to consider carefully the factors
discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors in evaluating these forward-looking statements. We have not undertaken to update any forward-looking
statements.


    
    







    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    









 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;
or &ldquo;Medifast&rdquo;) is a Delaware corporation
 incorporated in 1993. The Company&rsquo;s operations are primarily conducted
through six of its wholly owned subsidiaries
 Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc. (&quot;Jason&quot;)
 Take Shape For Life
 Inc. (&ldquo;TSFL&rdquo;)
Jason Enterprises
 Inc.
 Medifast Franchise Systems
 Inc.
 Jason Properties
 LLC and Seven Crondall
 LLC. The Company is engaged
in the production
 distribution
 and sale of weight loss and weight management products and other consumable health and diet products.
Medifast product lines include weight loss and management
 meal replacement
 and vitamins. The Company has one modern
 FDA-approved
manufacturing facility located in Owings Mills
 Maryland.




 obesity in the
United States has dramatically increased. The obesity epidemic shows no signs of slowing down
 with the condition worsening as
American waistlines continue to expand. Throughout the world
 the World Health Organization estimates that approximately 1.6 billion
people are overweight. In the United States
 approximately two-thirds of the population fall within the overweight or obese categories.
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (&ldquo;CDC&rdquo;)
 over 78 million U.S. adults are obese.


 or greater
. According to the CDC
 zero states in the U.S. had a prevalence of obesity less than 20% in 2011 or 2010.
Furthermore
 the CDC reported that thirty-nine states had a prevalence of obesity equal to or greater than 25%
 and twelve states
had a prevalence of obesity equal to or greater than 30%.


 health conditions
related to obesity include heart disease
 stroke
 type 2 diabetes
 and certain types of cancers. Obesity is not an age-specific
condition; the CDC showed children and adolescents are also affected. According to the CDC
 the prevalence of obesity in children
and adolescents has almost tripled since 1980. Approximately 17% of children and adolescents are overweight or obese and are at
an increased risk of developing health problems such as high blood pressure
 high cholesterol and type 2 diabetes.


 &ldquo;Projection
of the year&nbsp;2050 burden of diabetes in the&nbsp;US&nbsp;adult population: dynamic modeling of incidence
 mortality
 and prediabetes
prevalence1&rdquo; published in 2010 in 
 type 2 diabetes is expected to increase from 1 in 10 adults to between
1 in 3 and 1 in 5 adults between 2010 and 2050.


to obesity are well-known: unhealthy food choices and lack of physical activity. Studies completed by the CDC reported Americans
incurred $147 billion in costs associated with obesity in 2008 and that average annual medical costs for those who are obese are
over $1
400 higher than those of people in normal weight ranges. The U.S. weight loss market itself is estimated to be a $65 billion
per year industry
 including consumer spending on diet foods
 drinks and low-calorie sweeteners; health clubs and workout videos;
medically supervised and commercial weight loss programs; children&rsquo;s weight loss camps; diet books; appetite suppressants
and more. According to the Trust for America&rsquo;s Health and The Robert Wood Johnson Foundation
 half of U.S. adults will be
categorized as obese by 2030. The study also estimates that there could be 7.9 million new cases of diabetes each year compared
with 1.9 million new cases in recent years. The study also notes that there could be 6.8 million new cases of chronic heart disease
and stroke per year as compared with 1.3 million new cases per year now. Also according to this study
 health conditions related
to obesity will result in an additional $66 billion in obesity related medical costs as compared to recent estimates of $147 billion.



Medifast
Direct &ndash; 
 customers order Medifast product directly
through the Company&rsquo;s website
or our in-house call center. The product
is shipped directly to the customer&rsquo;s home. This business is driven by an aggressive multi-media customer acquisition strategy
that includes both national and regional print
 radio
 web advertising
 direct mail
 and television as well as public relations
word of mouth referrals
 and social media initiatives. The Medifast Direct division focuses on targeted marketing initiatives and
provides customer support through its in-house call center and nutrition support team of registered dietitians to better serve
its customers. In addition
 Medifast continues to use leading web technology featuring customized meal planning and web community
components. MyMedifast is a robust online community which provides a library of support articles
 support forums
 meal-planning
tools
 and social media functions. See Note 13
 &ldquo;Business Segments&rdquo; of the financial statements for a detailed breakout
of revenues
 profit or loss
 and total assets of each of the Company&rsquo;s business segments.

&ndash;Take
Shape For Life is the personal coaching division of Medifast. The coaching network consists of independent contractor Health Coaches
(&ldquo;Health Coaches&rdquo;)
 who are trained to provide coaching and support to clients on Medifast weight-loss programs and
is led by its co-founder
 a physician with a background in critical care. The role of the Health Coach is to give clients the encouragement
and mentoring to assist them to successfully reach a healthy weight. The Take Shape For Life program provides a road map to empower
the individual to take control of their health through adopting better long-term habits. Take Shape For Life offers the exclusive
proprietary BeSlim&reg; philosophy
 which encourages long-term weight maintenance. Take Shape For Life also moves beyond the scope
of weight loss to teach clients how to achieve optimal health through the balance of body
 mind
 and finances. The program uses
the high-quality
 medically validated products of Medifast that have been proven safe and effective in clinical studies described
on page 8 under &ldquo;Clinical Research Overview.&rdquo; Health Coaches and their clients follow the Habits of Health book and
companion workbook written by the Take Shape For Life co-founder to create a lifelong health optimization program. In addition
to the encouragement and support of a Health Coach
 clients of Take Shape For Life are offered a bio-network of support including
product and program information on our website
 weekly medical and general support calls
 and access to our registered dietitians.


    
    



with their primary care physician and a Take Shape For Life Health Coach to determine the Medifast program that is right for them.
Health Coaches are required to become qualified based upon testing of their knowledge of Medifast products and programs. Our Health
Coaches provide coaching and support to their Clients throughout the weight-loss and weight-maintenance process. Most new Health
Coaches are introduced to the opportunity by an existing Health Coach. The vast majority of our new Health Coaches started as weight-loss
clients of a Health Coach
 had success on the Medifast product and program
 and became a Health Coach to help others through the
weight-loss process. Approximately 20% of active Health Coaches in the Take Shape for Life network are health care providers.


independent contractors who are compensated on product sales referred to the Company. Health Coaches can earn compensation in two
ways:


Commissions: The primary way a Health Coach is compensated is through earning commissions on product
sold. Health Coaches earn commissions by referring product sales through their own replicated website or through the Company&rsquo;s
in-house call center. The clients of Health Coaches are responsible for ordering and paying for products
 and their order is shipped
directly from the Company to the client&rsquo;s home or designated address. Our Health Coaches do not handle payments and are not
required to purchase or store products in order to receive a commission. In addition
 Health Coaches do not receive a commission
on their own personal product orders. Health Coaches pay the same price for products as their clients. The Company pays retail
commissions to qualified Health Coaches on a weekly basis.


Bonuses: Health Coaches are offered several bonus opportunities
 including growth bonuses
 generation
bonuses
 elite leadership bonuses
 rolling consistency bonuses
 client acquisition bonuses
 and new Health Coach assist bonuses.
The purposes of these bonuses are to reward Health Coaches for successfully referring product sales to the Take Shape For Life
network
 and to incentivize Health Coaches to further support and develop other Health Coaches within their network. The Company
pays bonuses on a monthly basis to qualified Health Coaches.


Growth bonuses are paid to Health Coaches who have at least five ordering clients per month and
who have generated over $1
000 in product sales per month. Monthly growth bonuses are incremental bonuses that enable Health Coaches
to earn income on product orders placed by clients or Health Coaches within their network.


Generation bonuses are paid to Health Coaches who have one or more Health Coaches in their business
who have achieved the rank of Executive Director. An Executive Director is a Health Coach who either generates $6
000 a month in
frontline product sales to either Clients or personally sponsored Health Coaches or personally sponsors five senior Health Coaches.
A senior Health Coach is a Health Coach who generates at least $1
000 a month in group product sales from a combination of at least
five personally enrolled
 ordering Clients
 and/or Health Coaches
 Health Coach teams
 or a combination of both.


Elite leadership bonuses are paid to Health Coaches who have three or more Health Coaches in their
business who have achieved the rank of Executive Director.


Rolling consistency bonuses are paid to Health Coaches who display frontline product sales with
order consistency month after month. Health Coaches who generate at least $2
000 or more in frontline product sales for three consecutive
months are paid a rolling consistency bonus.


Client acquisition bonuses are paid to new Health Coaches who develop five Clients and generate
$1
000 in frontline product sales within their first 30 calendar days in Take Shape for Life program.


The assist bonuses are paid to Health Coaches who assist a newly sponsored Health Coach attain
the Client acquisition bonus.


or bonus when they recruit a new Health Coach into the Take Shape For Life network. Fees paid by new Health Coaches for start-up
materials are at the Company&rsquo;s approximate cost and no commissions are paid thereon.


Direct Selling Association (the &ldquo;DSA&rdquo;)
 a national trade association representing over 200 direct selling companies
doing business in the United States. To become a member of the DSA
 Take Shape For Life
 like other active DSA member companies
underwent a comprehensive and rigorous one-year company review by DSA legal staff that included a detailed analysis of its company
business-plan materials. This review is designed to ensure that a company&rsquo;s business practices do not contravene DSA&rsquo;s
Code of Ethics. Compliance with the requirements of the Code of Ethics is paramount to becoming and remaining a member in good
standing of DSA. Accordingly
 we believe membership in DSA by Take Shape For Life demonstrates its commitment to the highest standards
of ethics and a pledge not to engage in any deceptive
 unlawful
 or unethical business practices. Among those Code of Ethics proscriptions
are pyramid schemes or endless chain schemes as defined by federal
 state
 or local laws. Moreover
 Take Shape For Life
 like other
DSA member companies in good standing
 has pledged to provide consumers with accurate and truthful information regarding the price
grade
 quality
 and performance of the products Take Shape For Life markets. See Note 13
 &ldquo;Business Segments&rdquo; of the
financial statements for a detailed breakout of revenues
 profit or loss
 and total assets of each of the Company&rsquo;s business
segments.

Medifast Weight Control Centers
&ndash;
Pennsylvania
 New Jersey
 Delaware
 Texas
 Florida
 Maryland
 North Carolina and Virginia. In 2012
 the Company opened 19 new
Medifast Weight Control Centers
 closed two existing centers
 and had a total of 87 locations in operation at year-end. The
centers offer a high-touch model including comprehensive Medifast programs for weight loss and maintenance
 customized
patient counseling
 an Inbody&trade; composition analysis
 and monitoring with a BodyGem&trade; resting metabolic rate
measurement device. Medifast Weight Control Centers conduct local advertising including radio
 print
 television and web
initiatives. The centers also benefit from the nationally advertised brand which encourages walk-ins and referrals from its
customers and other Medifast business channels.


    
    



 the Company began offering the
clinic model as a franchise opportunity. The Company currently has franchisee centers located in Alabama
 Arizona
 California
Louisiana
 Minnesota
 Wisconsin
 Maryland and Pennsylvania. At December 31
 2012
 35 franchise locations were in operation.


Weight Control Center franchise opportunity in all States except Hawaii
 North Dakota
 and South Dakota
 under an approved franchise
disclosure document (FDD). The FDD requires a successful applicant to develop a minimum of three Medifast Weight Control Centers
within a defined geographic area in the time frame set forth in the area development agreement between Medifast and the franchisees.


active involvement in and management of Medifast Weight Control Center operations. Candidates are reviewed for appropriate operational
experience and financial stability
 including specific net worth and liquidity requirements. Upon franchisee approval
 they shall
promptly select sites for the Centers and shall request Franchisor&rsquo;s approval of such selection based on guidelines
 terms
and conditions.


the cost of Company resources provided to train applicants and staff
 and determine territory for development. If a successful
applicant desires to open more than three centers in the designated territory
 there is an additional fee for each location over
the three to be developed. The Company provides initial investment estimates in the FDD and cautions applicants considering the
franchise opportunity that their actual expenses may vary from the estimates given. Legal disclosures are given and the applicant
cannot sign the Agreement until he/she has had 14 days to consider the FDD.


Control Center franchise established under the area development agreement
 the Company will do the following:





if the Company has not already approved a site that the franchisee has selected before signing
the Franchise Agreement
 designate the area within which the franchisee will locate the Center and approve the site the franchisee
has selected for the location of the Center.


if the Company has not already approved a site before signing the Franchise Agreement
 review and
approve the franchisee lease or purchase agreement for the site for the approved location.


provide the franchisee with standard plans and specifications for the build-out of the Center along
with a list of equipment and improvements which the franchisee is required to purchase and install.





provide the franchisee on-site assistance and guidance for approximately three to five days during
or close to the opening of the Center.


provide the franchisee with online access to a password-protected
 electronic version of the Medifast
Weight Control Centers&reg; Franchise Operations Manual.


a discounted purchase price. In addition
 the Company does not offer direct or indirect financing. We do not guarantee franchisee&rsquo;s
notes
 leases or obligations.


a purchase option included in its franchise agreement
 the Company does have the right of first refusal to acquire a Center if
the franchisee wishes to sell or defaults on their obligations. See Note 13
 &ldquo;Business Segments&rdquo; of the financial statements
for a detailed breakout of revenues
 profit or loss
 and total assets of each of the Company&rsquo;s business segments.

- Medifast
physicians have been implementing the Medifast Program within their practice or clinic since 1980. These physicians carry an inventory
of wholesale Medifast products and resell them to patients. They also provide appropriate medical monitoring
 testing
 and support
for patients on the Medifast Program. Medifast products and programs have been recommended by over 20
000 doctors since 1980. Many Medifast physicians take advantage of the Medifast Direct or the Take Shape For Life program to support their patient
base.


program to assist the physicians and their customers/patients. Customers have access to registered dietitians who provide program
support and advice via a toll-free telephone help line
 by email
 and online chats. See Note 13
 &ldquo;Business Segments&rdquo;
of the financial statements for a detailed breakout of revenues
 profit or loss
 and total assets of each of the Company&rsquo;s
business segments.




and programs have historically been subject to seasonality. Traditionally the holiday season in November/December of each year
is considered poor for diet control products and services. January and February generally show increases in sales
 as these months
are considered the commencement of the &ldquo;diet season.&rdquo;


    
    





 2012
 the Company announced
a 3-year strategic partnership with Productos Medix S.A. de C.V. (&ldquo;Medix&rdquo;)
 a leader in pharmaceutical obesity products
in Mexico. The agreement grants Medix an exclusive license for the distribution of Medifast products and programs through physicians
and weight control centers in Mexico under the Medifast Brand.


and distributor in Mexico with over 55 years of experience
 specializing in comprehensive health care solutions to aid in the struggle
against obesity. Medix offers a wide range of weight control products and also conducts business in Central and South America.


 2012 the Company and Medix
under an exclusive 5-year licensing agreement
 announced plans to increase distribution of Medifast meal replacement products and
programs beyond Mexico and into Argentina
 Bolivia
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Dominican Republic
 Ecuador
 El Salvador
 Guatemala
Honduras
 Nicaragua
 Panama
 Paraguay
 Peru
 Venezuela
 and Uruguay beginning in January 2013.


international expansion opportunities.




proven weight loss and weight management products and programs. Medifast offers clinically proven products and programs for weight
management
 weight maintenance
 and long-term health through multiple channels of distribution. Medifast products are high-quality
portion-controlled meal-replacement foods.


with type 2 diabetes and offers products with a nutritionally complete and low-glycemic formulation. Portion-controlled
 meal-replacement
weight-management programs are continuing to gain popularity
 as consumers search for a safe and effective solution that provides
balanced nutrition
 effective weight loss
 and valuable behavior-modification education.




studies that have been completed over the span of the last two decades
 and retrospective data from its Medifast Weight Control
Centers to support its &ldquo;clinically proven&rdquo; claim. In each study conducted by Medifast
 the investigator follows the
scientifically recognized protocols approved by an Institutional Review Board
 a committee formally designated to approve
 monitor
and review biomedical and behavioral research involving humans with the aim to protect the rights and welfare of research subjects
prior to initiating the study. Those protocols outline the study parameters and determination of a statistically valid sample of
study participants. The following abstracts include both peer-reviewed research (consisting of prospective controlled clinical
trials and retrospective studies) and in-house clinical data (studies 9 and 10).


the reviewers were chosen by the publishing journal
 and except in the case of Study 2
 were not disclosed to Medifast. Each reviewer
is independent and has no association with Medifast or its affiliates.


below varied from 14 to 1
445 participants. The smallest study was a statistical review of patient charts
 while the largest study
was a retrospective review of patient charts from a weight-loss clinic
 which allows for greater generalization of the protocol
used in the clinic as an effective weight-management program for individuals seeking weight loss. The remaining studies had sample
sizes ranging from 30 to 217 participants.


as part of the study population. All of the studies included both male and female participants
 except for Studies 8 and 11
 which
included females only. Additionally
 race or ethnicity were not exclusory for any of the studies
 and the age range for inclusion
across the studies included children
 adolescents
 and adults
 allowing for adequate generalization and support for the study conclusions.


as part of its study design
 a sample size and power calculation to detect statistically significant and clinically meaningful
differences. Moreover
 well-established statistical analyses
 such as paired and student&rsquo;s T-tests; Wilcoxon signed-rank
tests; random effects logistic regression; and descriptive statistics (means and standard deviations) at the time of publication
were used as part of the methodology and were vetted as part of the peer-review process. Conclusions drawn from the study results
were further evaluated and approved as part of the peer-review process.


 commonality of results from
the studies do allow general conclusions for each study&rsquo;s findings principally regarding Medifast products and programs as
safe and effective weight loss
 with improvements in risk factors for cardiovascular disease in otherwise healthy
 overweight and
obese individuals.






 C.
 Kiel
 J.
 Hanlon-Mitola
 A.
Sonzone
 C.
 Fuller
 N.
 &amp; Davis
 L. (2012). Use of the Medifast meal replacement program for weight loss in overweight and
obese clients: A retrospective chart review of three Medifast Weight Control Centers (MWCC). 
Vol. 3 No. 10
 pp. 1433-1444. doi: 10.4236/fns.2012.310187.


    
    





the effectiveness of the Medifast 5 &amp; 1 Plan in three Medifast Weight Control Centers on body weight
 body composition
 and
other health measures at 4
 12
 24 weeks
 and final weight loss visit. A secondary objective was to evaluate the association between
compliance and the effectiveness of the Medifast MD on body weight from baseline to final weight loss visit.




the analysis is 446. A total of 730 were reviewed and 284 were removed based on the exclusion criteria. Client charts were included
if the following criteria were met: adult males and females aged 18 - 70 years
 were following the Medifast 5 &amp; 1 Plan
 had
a BMI &ge; 25 kg/m
 entered a weight management program at one of the three selected Medifast Weight Control Centers
locations between 2007 and 2010
 and had a signed health information consent form.


a plan other than the Medifast 5 &amp; 1 Plan
 completed the initial consultation but did not participate further
 did not get
baseline labs performed
 the program was stopped for medical reasons unrelated to the MD Plan
 no signed health information consent
form or the presence of a written request to revoke consent
 or if clients were currently an active participant at the Medifast
Weight Control Centers.


included weight
 systolic and diastolic blood pressure
 pulse
 lean muscle mass (LMM)
 body fat mass
 % body fat
 and abdominal
circumference. Compliance measures included attendance at weekly visits
 intake of meal replacements and supplements
 food journals
and ketone testing.




were achieved at all time points with clinically significant weight loss (&gt;5%) occurring in just 4 weeks. Additionally
 significant
improvements in body composition were seen at all time points coupled with increases in % total body weight as LMM (% LMM improved
by 3.5%
 9.8%
 16.0%
 and 13.9%
 respectively). Blood pressure and pulse were significantly improved
 demonstrating the clinical
benefit for clients. Multivariate regression revealed a strong inverse relationship between weight change
 % compliance with attendance
and the number of weeks that MRs were taken as recommended.




 combined
with the support and accountability available in the Medifast Weight Control Centers
 is an efficacious program that promotes significant
weight loss and improvements in body composition. These results reveal significant associations between components of compliance
and weight loss
 but particularly highlight the importance of attendance
 a focus of the Medifast Weight Control Centers model
compared to non-clinic models.

at Experimental Biology
 2012.




international journal dedicated to the latest advancement in related areas. The goal of this journal is to keep a record of the
state-of-the-art research and to promote study
 research and improvement within its various specialties.








 L. M.
 Coleman
 C.
 Kiel
 J.
 Rampolla
J.
 Hutchisen
 T.
 Ford
 L.
 Anderson
 W. S.
 Hanlon-Mitola
 A. (2010). Efficacy of a meal replacement diet compared to a food-based

 




meal replacement program on body weight
 body composition
 and biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative stress among obese individuals
following a period of weight loss and weight maintenance compared to an isocaloric
 food-based diet.




 controlled clinical
trial included 90 obese adults assigned to one of two weight loss programs for 16 weeks and then followed for a 24-week period
of weight maintenance. Subjects were randomly assigned to 2 groups: Medifast (MD) (n=45; 30 women
 15 men; BMI 38.5 &plusmn; 6.8)
and food-based (FB) (n=45; 34 women
 11 men; BMI 37.8 &plusmn; 4.5). Subjects met biweekly with registered dietitians to have anthropometrics
measured and for dietary and behavior counseling during weight loss and every 12 weeks during weight maintenance. Weight and blood
pressure were measured bi-weekly during weight loss and every 12 weeks during weight maintenance. Waist circumference
 % body fat
lean muscle mass
 visceral fat
 and pulse were measured every 4 weeks during weight loss and every 12 weeks during weight maintenance.
Biomarkers for inflammation (C-reactive protein) and oxidative stress (urine lipid peroxides) and lipid panels were measured at
baseline
 16 weeks
 and 40 weeks.


    
    



wheat
 gluten and nuts were excluded from the study because some Medifast meal replacements contain these ingredients. To limit
the effect of alcohol on calorie intake and its potential effect on compliance
 participants were enrolled in the study if they
consumed &lt;14 alcoholic beverages per week and agreed to avoid alcohol intake during the study. Participants were not currently
using appetite-affecting medications (e.g. selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs)
 steroids
 Ritalin)
 and were not pregnant
or lactating. Participants were required to have a normal electrocardiogram (EKG) and lab work within the past year as well as
the permission of their primary care provider to enroll in the study. Additional exclusion criteria included individuals that were
actively dieting; had chronic uncontrolled health problems (not including obesity or diabetes); had a pacemaker or other internal
electronic medical device; reported schizophrenia
 history of bipolar disorder
 or a current major depressive disorder; had dependence
on alcohol or sedative-hypnotic drugs; had a cognitive impairment severe enough to preclude informed consent; or who were currently
taking weight loss or appetite affecting medications. Major eating disorders were screened using the Eating Attitudes Test (EAT).
A score of &gt; 30 was exclusionary.




better in the MD versus the FB (12.3% vs. 6.7%)
 and while significantly more weight was regained during weight maintenance
 overall
greater weight loss was achieved on MD. Significantly more of the MD participants lost &ge;5% of their initial weight at week 16
(93% vs. 55%) and week 40 (62% vs. 30%). Significant improvements in body composition were also observed in MD participants compared
to FB at week 16 and week 40.


experienced a significant improvement in C-reactive protein (CRP) at week 40. However
 when a dichotomous variable was used to
characterize baseline CRP levels as low or high
 the only sub-group to experience a significant decrease over the 40 weeks was
the Medifast group with high baseline CRP levels. The Medifast group experienced a significant decrease in urine lipid peroxides
at week 40 whereas the food-based group did not. Additionally
 there was a significant mean decrease over time in the Medifast
group that was not found for the food-based group.




diet plan evaluated was an effective strategy for producing robust initial weight loss and for achieving improvements in a number
of health-related parameters during weight maintenance
 including inflammation and oxidative stress
 two key factors more recently
shown to underlie our most common chronic diseases.


presented at Experimental Biology
 2009. The 40 week results were presented at the Food and Nutrition Conference and Expo
 2009.



 peer-reviewed
online journal that considers manuscripts within the field of human nutrition. The assumed viewer base is nutrition professionals
and researchers. The audience size is not available.






 L. J.
 Mitchell
 A. M.
 Jhaveri
A. D.
 Mitola
 A. H.
 Davis
 L. M.
 Lewis
 R. A.
 Yep
 M. A.
 Lycan T.W. (2008). Efficacy of meal replacements versus a standard


 118-127.




meal-replacement diet to a standard diet (based on recommendations by the American Diabetes Association) in achieving and maintaining
weight loss among obese men and women with type 2 diabetes mellitus.




 controlled
clinical trial. Participants were 119 men and women with diabetes and a body mass index between 25 and 40 kg/m
 assigned
randomly to one of two 34-week
 75% of predicted energy need diets (portion controlled (PCD) or standard (SD)
 self-selected
 food
based) and then followed for 1 year of weight maintenance.


18 to 70
 diagnosed by standard criteria with type 2 diabetes at least 3 months prior to enrollment
 and were overweight or obese
with a BMI of 25 to 40 kg/m
 assigned randomly to one of two 34-week
 75% of predicted energy need diets (portion controlled
(PCD) or standard (SD)
 self-selected
 food based) and then followed for 1 year of weight maintenance. If they were currently taking
medications to control diabetes
 a stable dose for at least 3 months prior to randomization was required. Participants needed the
permission of their primary care provider and a normal EKG or abnormalities that were deemed medically acceptable.


(aside from obesity and diabetes)
 type 1 diabetes
 bulimia nervosa
 laxative/substance abuse
 alcohol intake &gt; 10 drinks per
week
 or uncontrolled psychiatric disorders (e.g.
 major depression
 bipolar disorder) were excluded. Depression was assessed using
the Beck Depression Inventory; a score of &gt;15 was exclusionary. Major eating disorders were screened using the Eating Attitudes
Test (EAT). A score of &gt;30 was exclusionary. Use of appetite-affecting medications (e.g.
 certain antidepressants
 steroids)
unless on a stable dose for &gt;3 months or weight loss drugs were excluded
 as were women who were lactating
 pregnant
 or seeking
pregnancy.




 weight
loss at 34 weeks and weight maintenance at 86 weeks was significantly better on the PCD versus SD. Approximately 40% of the PCD
participants lost &gt;5% of their initial weight compared with 12% of those on the SD. Significant improvements in biochemical
and metabolic measures were observed at 34 weeks in both groups. The retention rate and self-reported ease of adherence in the
PCD group were significantly higher throughout the study.


    
    



48 completed the 34-week active weight loss phase (31 of 54 from the PCD group and 17 of 58 from the SD group: 57.4% vs. 29.3%).
After the 34-week active phase
 weight loss amongst completers was 6.84% (7.3 &plusmn; 6.2 kg) on the PCD vs. 3.70% (3.7 &plusmn;
3.2 kg) on the SD. Nineteen of 31 (61.3%) PCD participants lost &ge;5% of their initial body weight vs. 4 of 17 (23.5%) SD participants.
Nine of 31 (29.03%) PCD participants lost &ge;10% vs. 1 of 17 (5.88%) SD participants. BMI was significantly reduced in both groups
at 34 weeks
 but the change in BMI was significantly greater in the PCD vs. SD group.


able to reduce their use of medications to control type 2 diabetes after 34 weeks. Of those participants beginning the study using
medications for blood glucose control
 7 of 29 (24.1%) PCD participants reduced their use of medications compared to 0 of 13 (0%)
SD participants.




twice the amount of weight
 experienced less weight regain after 1 year of maintenance
 and were more likely to complete the program
than SD participants. As PCDs may help obese patients with type 2 diabetes adhere to a weight loss program and reduce medication
use
 health professionals should consider recommending them as part of a comprehensive approach to weight management.


Diabetes Association&rsquo;s 65th Annual Scientific Session
 2005.




journal of the American Association of Diabetes Educators (AADE). It is a peer-reviewed journal intended to serve as a reference
source for the science and art of diabetes management. TDE publishes original articles that relate to aspects of patient care and
education
 clinical practice and/or research
 and the multidisciplinary profession of diabetes education as represented by nurses
dietitians
 physicians
 pharmacists
 mental health professionals
 podiatrists
 and exercise physiologists.



&amp; Metabolism

(Thomson Reuters
 2012)






 C. K.
 Poston
 W. S. C.
 Foreyt
J. P.
 Dibartolomeo
 J. J.
 (2008). Effectiveness of Medifast supplements combined with obesity pharmacotherapy: A clinical program

 
 95-101.




meal-replacement supplements combined with appetite-suppressant medication (ASM) among participants who received 52 weeks of treatment
as part of a medically supervised weight-control program.




evaluation of weight loss data from a medically-supervised weight control program combining the use of MMRS and ASM. Data were
obtained and analyzed from 1
351 patient (BMI &ge; 25) medical charts who had participated for at least 12 weeks of treatment.
Outcomes included weight loss and percent weight loss from baseline at 12
 24
 and 52 weeks. Both completers and intention-to-treat
(ITT) analyses were conducted. Completers (i.e.
 those with complete data for 52 weeks) outcomes were evaluated after stratification
for reported adherence to the MMRS and ASM.


clinic for the purpose of losing weight using a diet-medication protocol. Exclusion criteria from this study included enrollment
in treatment for less than 12 weeks
 less than 18 years of age
 current use of MAO inhibitors
 cardiac disease
 severe hypertension
kidney disease
 renal failure
 asthma
 liver disease
 cancer therapy and eating disorders.




treatment experienced substantial weight losses at 12 (-9.4 &plusmn; 5.7kg)
 24 (-12.0 &plusmn; 8.1kg)
 and 52 weeks (12.4 &plusmn;
9.2kg)
 and all measures were significantly different from baseline weight (p&lt;0.001 for all contrasts) for both true completers
(n=324) and for ITT analysis (n=1
351). Fifty percent of patients remained in the program at 24 weeks and nearly 25% were still
participating at one year.




of MMRS and ASM produced significant and sustained weight losses at 52 weeks. Results were better than those typically reported
for obesity pharmacotherapy in both short- and long-term studies and also better than those reported for partial meal replacement
programs. Program retention at on year was similar to that reported in many controlled drug trials and better than most commercial
programs reported in the literature.


the American Society of Bariatric Physicians&rsquo; annual meeting in May 2007.



Anorexia
 Bulimia and Obesity is a scientific journal whose main purpose is to create an international forum devoted to the several
sectors of eating disorders and obesity and the significant relations between them.


    
    






 L. M.
 Coleman. C. D.
 Anderson
W. S.
 Cheskin


 37-41.




meal-replacement beverages (TMRB) containing 90 mg of epigallicocatechin gallate (EGCG) and 100 mg of caffeine on resting energy
expenditure (REE)
 fat oxidation
 and appetite.




 11 men between
the ages of 18 and 65 years) were stratified into 3 groups: lean (n=10
 BMI 21.5 &plusmn; 2.1); overweight/obese (OW) (n=10
 BMI
29.8 &plusmn; 2.7); or weight maintainers (WM) (n=10
 BMI 28.8 &plusmn; 4.0). WM had maintained a weight loss of &ge;5% for at
least a 3-month period. Following an overnight fast
 baseline measurements
 including REE via indirect calorimetry
 were performed.
REE was repeated at 30
 60
 90
 and 120 minutes after consuming a TMRB. Appetite was assessed via visual analogue scale at baseline
30 minutes
 and 120 minutes after consuming the TMRB.


smoking
 consuming &gt;14 alcoholic beverages per week (or any the day prior to study days)
 chronic uncontrolled health problems
(not including obesity or diabetes); drug or alcohol dependence
 mental illness (schizophrenia
 bipolar disorder
 current major
depressive disorder)
 taking medications that would affect appetite or metabolism (e.g. steroids
 Ritalin); active dieting; pregnancy
or lactation; and allergy to wheat
 gluten
 soy or nuts.




2.5% overall (p=0.000)
 5.7 &plusmn; 3.1% among lean subjects (p=0.0002)
 5.3 &plusmn; 1.4% among OW subjects (p=0.000)
 and 6.8


to 0.92 &plusmn; 0.13 (p=0.122).




thermogenic meal-replacement beverages increase resting energy metabolism and decreases appetite. The findings strongly suggest
TMRBs are a promising weight-control tool. These decreases in energy intake and increases in energy expenditure may translate into
more sustainable weight loss and weight maintenance in both the short- and long-term.


at Experimental Biology
 2008.



online journal
 which publishes research articles
 reviews
 and letters in all areas of experimental and clinical nutrition research.
The articles printed in this journal are accessible to anyone and everyone.






 L. J.
 Hanlon-Mitola
 A.
 Mitchell
A.
 Jhaveri
 A.
 Yep
 M.
 Mitchell
 V. (2007). A RCT comparing balanced energy deficit diets with or without meal replacements

for Experimental Biology
 
 214.




Medifast portion-controlled meal replacements to a USDA Food Guide Pyramid-based diet among children dieting alone or with a parent.




 controlled trial
included 80 overweight (BMI &gt; 95th percentile on BMI-for-age growth charts) boys and girls between the ages of 8 and 15 years
and 40 parents randomly assigned to one of two weight loss programs for 6 months and then followed for a 12 month period of weight
maintenance. Subjects were further randomized to dieting alone or with a parent. Both weight-loss diets (MR and USDA) were 20%
energy-restricted (~500 kcal deficit). Those randomized to the MR diet incorporated 3 MRs/day during the active weight loss phase
and 2 MRs/day during the maintenance phase. Participants reported to the research clinic every other week to weigh-in
 attend educational
group sessions
 and receive MRs.




 dieting
alone vs. with a parent or food vs. MR made no difference in weight outcome. However
 following initial weight loss (6 mos) and
1 yr maintenance (18 mos)
 significant benefits were seen in the MR group in BMI%ile (0 mos=98.8 &plusmn; 1.0
 6 mos=96.6 &plusmn;
3.2
 18 mos=96.4 &plusmn; 3.4); body fat ( 5.9% @ 6 mos
 5.3% @ 18 mos); total cholesterol ( 6.7% @ 6 mos
 5.6% @ 18 mos); LDL
( 19.8% @ 6 mos
 7.9% @ 18 mos); and triglycerides ( 23.6% @ 6 mos
 22.3% @ 18 mos). Although not found to be significant
 drop-out
rates were higher in the Food group (43.6%
 35.9%
 10.25%) vs. the MR group (59.0%
 48.7%
 15.4%) at 12 weeks
 6 mos.
 and 18 mos.
respectively. No significant between-group differences
 differences in growth rates
 or adverse events were observed.


    
    





dieting with or without a parent
 meal replacements were as safe and effective as a USDA food-based diet for weight loss and maintenance.
Similar results were also seen with other anthropometrics studied. Dieting with a parent made no difference in weight outcomes.
It was determined from these data that an MR diet in children was both safe and efficacious. The safety of an MR diet in children
was determined by the absence of adverse events in the children during the entire 18 month period of the study.


at Experimental Biology
 2007.



 the Federation of American
Societies for Experimental Biology (FASEB) was originally created by three independent scientific organizations to provide a forum
in which to hold educational meetings
 develop publications
 and disseminate biological research results. FASEB publishes its own
journal as well as helps other non-profit organizations publish their own journals. FASEB aims to provide a wealth of information
not just to scientific organizations
 but also to the general public
 so that more people remain informed about the issues and
policies affecting the advancement of biological and biomedical sciences.






 V. (2000) An evaluation of weight






of a weight-loss regimen consisting of a carbohydrate- and fat restricted diet supplemented with an appetite suppressant
 a dietary
supplement
 and a liquid protein drink (Medifast) in an open label trial.




) participants over the age of 18. Participants were seen and evaluated weekly.
At each weekly visit
 participants were evaluated for total body weight
 body composition (% body fat
 BMI
 lean body mass
 water
weight) and blood pressure. Patients were considered eligible for the trial if they were over the age of 18
 and were considered
overweight or obese based on a body mass index (BMI) &ge; 25.0 kg/m




 24 (51%) completed
six months using the dietary regimen prescribed. Data was analyzed for all patients who were treated with the diet
 as well as
for the subset of patients who completed the entire study period. Baseline and 6-mos evaluations of body weight (lbs)
 body fat
(%)
)
 lean body mass
 water weight
 and blood pressure were performed. At 6 mos
 statistically significant
differences were found for body weight (p&lt;0.001)
 percent body fat (p&lt;0.001)
 BMI (p&lt;0.001)
 lean body mass (p&lt;0.001)
water weight (p=0.01)
 and body systolic (p=0.003) and diastolic (p&lt;0.001) blood pressure.




and fat restricted program supplemented by a natural appetite suppressant can lead to progressive weight loss of comparable value
to prescribed pharmacologic agents at the time of study. Patients experienced statistically significant decreases in overall body
weight
 percent body fat
 BMI
 lean body mass
 total body water
 and both systolic and diastolic blood pressure.



(ASBP) is a leading national professional organization providing physicians and other health professionals with education in the
medical management of weight loss and related medical conditions.






 J.
 Debrakeleer
 D.
 McIntyre
 W.
Coleman C.
 Fox L.
 Barmat
 L. (2011). Efficacy of a hypocaloric weight management program in obese women with polycystic ovarian
syndrome (PCOS) [abstract]. 9th Annual Meeting of Androgen Excess &amp; PCOS Society; 2011 Oct 13 &ndash; 15
 Abstract nr 21.




diet program utilizing a health coach on body weight and changes in biochemical and metabolic profiles in obese PCOS patients


    
    





in a teaching community hospital. Subjects were obese (BMI 33.1 &plusmn; 3.0)
 adult
 non-pregnant women ages 20-39 (27.7 &plusmn;
6.1) with PCOS defined by Rotterdam criteria. Subjects were eligible if they were free of hormonal medications for &ge; 3 months
were nonsmokers
 and did not have diabetes or hypertension. For 3 months patients followed a 1000 calorie diet plan with the guidance
of a health coach consisting of 5 Medifast meals and one self-prepared meal. Meetings with the health coach
 weight measurement
and lab draws occurred on a monthly basis. The primary outcome was change in body weight; secondary outcomes were biochemical and
metabolic changes. Paired t-tests were used to examine the longitudinal changes from baseline. Significance was defined as P &lt;
0.05.




hypocaloric diet resulted in significant decline in body weight (-18.2 &plusmn; 6.85 lbs; p&lt;0.0001)
 2-hour oral glucose (-23.0
&plusmn; 22.4 mg/dl; p=0.010)
 2-hour insulin (-79.1 &plusmn; 76.6 &#371;IU/ml; p=0.022)
 and calculated free androgen index (-3.7
&plusmn; 2.54; p=0.017). There was a marginally significant increase in SHGB (+9.2 &plusmn; 14.1 nmol/L; p=0.069). For subjects
with elevated levels at baseline
 significant improvements were found in total cholesterol (-37.0 &plusmn; 13.90 mg/dl; p=0.013)
LDL cholesterol (-28.0 &plusmn; 10.80 mg/dl; p=0.014)
 and triglycerides (-90.0 &plusmn; 1.41 mg/dl; p=0.007). Overall
 1/3 of
previously anovulatory women began ovulating and 7 out of 11 began regular menstruation.




and biochemical and metabolic markers were achieved in obese PCOS subjects after 3 months following a hypocaloric portion controlled
diet plan under the guidance of a health coach making conditions more favorable for ovulation.



 Annual Meeting of Androgen Excess &amp; PCOS Society
 2011.

an international organization dedicated to promoting knowledge
 and original clinical and basic research
 in every aspect of androgen
excess disorders.






 M. D.
 Cheskin
 L. J.
 (1993).
Multicenter evaluation of health benefits and weight loss on the Medifast weight management program: A statistical review of patient
charts. 




of a medically supervised
 protein-supplemented modified program (Medifast) for weight reduction and to evaluate the impact of
weight reduction on coexisting health problems.




of weight loss data randomly selected from a medically-supervised weight control center. Data was obtained and analyzed from patient
medical charts that had completed at least 16 weeks of the program. Outcomes included weight loss
 blood pressure
 and blood lipids.




49.5 &plusmn; 24.2 lbs and were in the program an average of 21.3 &plusmn; 7.7 weeks. Males lost an average of 64.8 &plusmn; 29.2
lbs and females lost an average of 47.3 &plusmn; 22.5 lbs. The study found significant reductions in total cholesterol and triglycerides
systolic and diastolic blood pressure
 and normalized blood pressure in hypertensive patients.




 protein-sparing meal-replacement
programs offer a safe and effective means of weight reduction and are accompanied by significant improvements in coexisting health
problems.


unpublished data on file. 1993.






 L. M.
 Cheskin L. J. (2006) Dietary

Data on File.




that included a reduced-calorie meal plan utilizing Medifast meal replacements
 behavior counseling
 and physical activity at achieving
weight loss in low-income pre-bariatric surgery patients.


    
    





(11 African Americans
 2 Caucasians) and 1 male (Caucasian)&mdash;with a mean BMI of 64.14 kg/m2 (range 40.2kg/m2 to 91.7kg/m2)
entered a 6-month weight-control program at the Johns Hopkins Weight Management Center. All patients were Medicaid recipients.
The program provided a comprehensive approach to weight control focused on diet
 behavior
 and physical activity. Portion-controlled
meal replacements (MRs) supplied by Medifast were utilized as part of the dietary-behavior intervention. All subjects met with
a licensed dietitian and were prescribed a 1
000-1
200 kcal/day diet plan incorporating up to 6 MRs/day. Only 1 subject chose not
to incorporate meal replacements as part of a low-calorie diet plan. The average intake of meal replacements was 2.5-3 per day
through the duration of the study.




 patients
) and 6.96% of their body weight. A high level of satisfaction was reported
with their diet plan. Program completers at 1 month were N=13
 at 3 months N=12
 and 6 months N=10.




weight control programs to lose weight pre-operatively have been shown to have lower rates of morbidity and mortality. We have
demonstrated that use of meal replacements preoperatively is effective at achieving significant weight loss
 and can thus be expected
to improve immediate and longer-term results in bariatric surgery patients.


unpublished data on file. 2006.






 A.
 Starling
 R.
 Turner
 A.
Shuldiner
 A. R.
 Watson
 J. D.
 Silver
 K.
 Poehlman
 E. T. (2000). Impaired capacity to lose visceral adipose tissue during weight

 
 1709-1713.




variant on total and visceral adipose tissue loss
 and cardiovascular risk factors in response to weight reduction among 24 obese
women (age 57 &plusmn; 4 yrs) in a 13 &plusmn; 3 mos weight reduction program of 1
200 kcal with or without the inclusion of Medifast.




 postmenopausal Caucasian women in
the greater Burlington
 Vermont area were recruited by local advertisement. A total of 491 obese women were screened
 of which
38 were heterozygotes for the Trp64Arg variant (allele frequency 0.10). Of this initial cohort
 24 obese women (1 Arg64Arg homozygote
10 Trp64Arg heterozygotes
 and 13 normal homozygotes) completed the weight loss program.


menstruation for at least 1 year
 a BMI &gt;27 kg/m2
 and physical inactivity. Women also had to be nonsmokers and non-diabetic.
Other exclusion criteria included atherosclerosis
 hypertension (diastolic blood pressure &gt;90 mmHg)
 orthopedic limitations
or history of fractures
 weight loss/gain over the previous 6 months
 or thyroid or pituitary disease.




measurements
 glucose disposal
 and lipid profiles among carriers and non-carriers of the variant allele. Whether women were carriers
or non-carriers of the Trp64Arg allele
 significant weight loss (-16.4 &plusmn; 5.0kg vs. -14.1 &plusmn; 6.2kg
 NS) and reductions
in body fat (-10.0 &plusmn; 5.2 vs. -11.5 &plusmn; 3.9kg
 NS) were observed in response to a calorie-restricted program with or
without Medifast.

 loss of visceral adipose tissue
was 43% lower in carriers of the Trp64Arg allele compared with non-carriers (&ndash;46 &plusmn; 27 vs. &ndash;81 &plusmn; 51 cm2
P = 0.05). Furthermore
 there was less improvement in the total cholesterol&ndash;to&ndash;HDL cholesterol ratio (&ndash;0.18 &plusmn;
0.54 vs. -0.72 &plusmn; 0.56
 P = 0.04) in carriers compared with non-carriers of the allele. Although glucose disposal improved
in both groups
 there was no difference in the magnitude of improvement between carriers and non-carriers of the variant allele.




gene variant have an impaired capacity to lose visceral adipose tissue in response to a calorie-restricted diet.



the physiology and pathophysiology of diabetes mellitus. Submitted manuscripts can report any aspect of laboratory
 animal
 or
human research. Emphasis is on investigative reports focusing on areas such as the pathogenesis of diabetes and its complications
normal and pathologic pancreatic islet function and intermediary metabolism
 pharmacological mechanisms of drug and hormone action
and biochemical and molecular aspects of normal and abnormal biological processes.






 Medifast announced the formation of its Scientific
Advisory Board.


panel that serves as the foundation for scientifically-valid
 consumer-centric
 high quality innovations for lasting health. The
mission of the board is to help guide Medifast in making informed decisions regarding medical
 nutritional
 and scientific matters
by providing expertise and information on research and emerging trends.


heritage of medically sound approaches to weight loss
 and the incorporation of leading-edge clinical research into the Company&rsquo;s
products and programs.


    
    





 M.D.
 F.A.C.P.

 Behavior and Society at the Johns
Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health

 Johns Hopkins Weight Management Center


 Ph.D.


 Director
 Sensory Evaluation
Center
 The Pennsylvania State University


 Ph.D.

 Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences
Department of Medicine
 Baylor College of Medicine


 M.D.

 Pennington Biomedical Research Center at Louisiana
State University


 M.A.

 S.R. Strategy
 LLC

 University of Massachusetts Amherst

 Tufts Friedman School of Nutrition Science
and Policy


 Ph.D.

 Department of Nutrition
 School
of Public Health
 Loma Linda University

 Nutrition Matters
 Inc.


 M.D.
Physician
of Integrative Medicine
 Canyon Ranch




highly competitive weight-loss industry. These include a wide variety of commercial weight-loss programs
 pharmaceutical products
books
 self-help diets
 dietary supplements
 appetite suppressants
 and meal replacements. Medifast&rsquo;s identified peers and
competitors in the general health and wellness diet industry include NutriSystem Inc.
 Herbalife Ltd.
 USANA Health Sciences
 and
Weight Watchers International
 Inc.


clinical heritage and ongoing commitment to evaluating its products and programs through clinical research are primary differentiators
that allow it to compete in this market. In addition to being shown in clinical research
 its products and programs have been safely
and effectively used by customers and recommended by physicians for over 31 years. Originally developed by a physician
 Medifast
has been on the cutting edge in the development of nutritional and weight-management products since 1980. Medifast Meals are individually
portioned
 calorie- and carbohydrate-controlled meal replacements that share a similar nutritional &ldquo;footprint&rdquo; and
provide a balance of protein and good carbohydrates
 including fiber. Fortified with vitamins and minerals
 these specially formulated
products are at the heart of Medifast&rsquo;s clinically proven program and provide an alternative to fad diets or obesity pharmacotherapy.


primary differentiator is its unique multi-channel distribution strategy
 which provides varying support modalities
 and
broadens availability of the Medifast brand by targeting a customer&rsquo;s individual needs. Medifast medical providers
offer Medifast products and programs to patients in their practice and utilize wholesale sales. Medifast Direct serves
customers through the Medifast website and call center with a free online community
 various online support tools
 along with
free access to registered dietitians and certified personal trainers. The Take Shape For Life division offers the personal
support of a Health Coach that is often a person who has achieved success on the Medifast Program and has turned their
success into a business opportunity. Medifast Weight Control Centers offer a supervised and structured model for customers
who prefer more accountability and personalized counseling including body analysis and metabolic rate reviews as part of the
ongoing program. The Medifast Program utilizes its meal replacements as part of a structured meal plan which research has shown to
be an effective way to lose and maintain weight loss over time.




products under the Medifast&reg; and Essential 1&reg; brands and for select private label customers. The Medifast line includes
more than 75 options
 including
 but not limited to Medifast Crunch Bars
 Medifast Shakes
 Medifast Hot Drinks
Medifast Cold Drinks
 Medifast Bites
 Medifast Pretzels
 Medifast Puffs
 Medifast Brownies
 Medifast
Soft Bakes
 Medifast Cereal Crunch
 Medifast Eggs
 Medifast Macaroni &amp; Cheese
 Medifast Oatmeal
 Medifast
Pancakes
 Medifast Syrup
 Medifast Pudding
 Medifast Soft Serve
 Medifast Soups
 Medifast Homestyle Chili
Medifast Maintenance Bars
 Medifast Soy Crisps
 Medifast Crackers
 Essential 1 Heart Health Super Omega 3
and Essential 1 Digestive Health.


nutritional products are formulated with high-quality
 low-calorie
 and low-fat ingredients. Many Medifast products are soy based
and are fully fortified to contain 24 vitamins and minerals
 as well as other nutrients essential for good health.


    
    



brand awareness continues to expand through the Company&rsquo;s marketing campaigns
 improved product quality
 and an emphasis
on quality customer service
 technical support
 and publications developed by the Company&rsquo;s marketing staff. Medifast products
have been proven to be effective for weight loss and weight management in clinical studies conducted by researchers from leading
universities. The Company has continued to develop its sales and marketing operations with qualified management and innovative
programs. The Company&rsquo;s facility in Owings Mills
 Maryland manufactures all powders and the Company subcontracts the production
of its Ready-To-Drink products
 bars
 pretzels
 puffs
 crackers
 soy crisps
 Lean and Green Meal Helpers
 syrup and supplement
products.




new and reformulated items including Medifast Cinnamon &amp; Brown Sugar Cereal Crunch
 Medifast Mixed Berry Cereal Crunch
 Medifast
Macaroni &amp; Cheese
 Medifast Lean &amp; Green Meal Helpers
 Medifast Chili Nacho Cheese Puffs
 Medifast Parmesan Cheese Puffs
Medifast Ready to Drink Mocha Shake
 and the reformulation of the Medifast Shakes. Medifast continues to improve upon and expand
its product line by introducing new
 high quality products and by regularly evaluating current products for discontinuation and
reformulation opportunities. Medifast&rsquo;s products are developed based on customer feedback and market trends.




 Medifast continued to build and
leverage its core Medifast brand through multiple marketing strategies for each of our distinct distribution channels: Medifast
Direct
 Medical Providers
 Medifast Weight Control Centers
 and Take Shape for Life to their target audiences. Customer acquisition
and retention strategies include national and regional advertising across television
 online properties
 print publications
 direct
mailings
 email campaigns
 radio
 and sponsorships. In addition
 the Company executed strategic public relations efforts to secure
local and national editorial placements to raise brand awareness. Medifast has also developed a comprehensive social media strategy
utilizing Facebook
 Twitter
 YouTube
 blogger endorsements
 and more. These mediums were used to target new customers by stressing
Medifast's simple
 safe
 and effective approach to weight loss and management. Many of these programs were also utilized to reactivate
encourage and support existing customers. Medifast continued to enhance the Medifast websites
 including adding features in the
My Medifast community which offers meal planning
 community message boards
 blogs
 and a robust library of information. The Company
also introduced new mobile apps to aid customers in their weight loss and weight management journey.




 Inc.
 the Company&rsquo;s
wholly owned manufacturing subsidiary
 produces approximately 46% of Medifast products in their manufacturing facility in Owings
Mills
 Maryland. The Company purchased the plant in July 2002 for $3.4 million and has recently added production capacity with
additional investments in blending and packaging equipment. The new equipment has significantly improved the Company's production
capability
 while also improving overall efficiencies. The remaining 54% of Medifast products are manufactured by third party vendors
in accordance with Medifast proprietary formulas and manufacturing standards. The Owings Mills manufacturing facility is regulated
and inspected by the Food &amp; Drug Administration (the &ldquo;FDA&rdquo;) and the Maryland State Department of Health and Mental
Hygiene.




 processing
 packaging
and labeling of the Company's products are subject to regulation by several federal agencies
 but principally by the Food and Drug
Administration. The Company must comply with the standards
 labeling and packaging requirements imposed by the FDA for the marketing
and sale of foods and nutritional supplements. Applicable regulations prevent the Company from representing in its literature and
labeling that its products produce or create medicinal effects or possess drug-related characteristics. The FDA could
 in certain
circumstances
 require the reformulation of certain products to meet new standards
 require the recall or discontinuation of certain
products not capable of reformulation
 or require additional record keeping
 expanded documentation of the properties of certain
products
 expanded or different labeling
 and scientific substantiation. If the FDA believes the products are unapproved drugs
or food additives
 the FDA may initiate similar enforcement proceedings. Any or all such requirements could adversely affect the
Company's operations and its financial condition.


has principal regulatory control over the Company&rsquo;s advertising. To the extent that sales of foods and nutritional supplements
may constitute improper trade practices or endanger the safety of consumers
 the operations of the Company may be subject to the
regulations and enforcement powers of the FTC
 and the Consumer Product Safety Commission. In 2012
 a subsidiary of the Company
entered into a consent decree with the FTC regarding certain statements in the Company&rsquo;s advertising for its weight-loss
programs. See Part I
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. The Company's activities are also regulated by various agencies of the states
and localities in which the Company's products are sold.




 like other producers and distributors
of ingested products
 faces an inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that
 among other things
 the
use of its products results in injury. The Company maintains insurance against product liability claims with respect to the products
it manufactures. With respect to the retail and direct marketing distribution of products produced by others
 the Company's principal
form of insurance consists of arrangements with each of its suppliers of those products to name the Company as beneficiary on each
of such vendor's product liability insurance policies. The Company does not buy products from suppliers who do not maintain such
coverage.




 2012
 the Company&rsquo;s subsidiaries employed
947 full-time employees
 of whom 327 were engaged in manufacturing
 warehouse management
 and shipping
 and 620 in marketing
 administrative
Medifast Weight Control Centers
 call center and corporate support functions. None of the employees are subject to a collective
bargaining agreement with the Company. All employees are employed by either Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc. or Jason Properties
 LLC.


    
    





are hosted at a co-location data center located in Baltimore
 Maryland. This data center is SSAE16 and PCI-DSS compliant. This
facility provides redundant network connections
 uninterruptible power supplies
 robust physical security
 fire prevention controls
and diesel generated power back up for the equipment on which our websites rely. Our servers and our network are monitored 24 hours
a day
 seven days a week.


customer data
 including regularly scheduled penetration security tests on our websites. We also use an industry leading network
monitoring service for our Intrusion Detection Services (IDS) solution along with Intrusion Prevention System (IPS) devices on
our network&rsquo;s perimeter. When our customers place an order or access their account information
 we use secure channels to
encrypt and transmit information. Our security certificates encrypt all information entered before it is sent to our servers. We
have a secondary firewall layer of security between our customer facing websites and the databases which house their information
and we have deployed mitigation devices to protect against Distributed Denial of Service (DDos) attacks. Customer data is protected
against unauthorized access. We have a redundant network across our organization which provides for inter-connectivity and redundancy
for our corporate locations.


 we will continuously
improve and upgrade our information systems and infrastructure while maintaining their reliability and integrity.




by the Company are sold primarily under its own trademarks and trade names.

Ours policy is to protect our
products and programs through trademark registrations both in the U.S. and in significant international markets. The Company carefully
monitors trademark use and promotes enforcement of its trademarks in a manner that is designed to balance the cost of such protection
against obtaining the greatest value for the Company.




 Owings
Mills


 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports filed
or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) and 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 are also available free of
charge on our website
 as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is filed with
 or furnished to
 the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;). The information contained on our corporate website is not a part of this Report.




Officer have filed their certifications as required by the SEC regarding the quality of the Company&rsquo;s public disclosure for
each of the periods ended during the Company&rsquo;s fiscal year ended December 31
 2012 and the effectiveness of internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31
 2012. Further
 the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer has certified to the New
York Stock Exchange (&ldquo;NYSE&rdquo;) that he is not aware of any violation by the Company of the NYSE corporate governance
listing standards
 as required by Section&nbsp;303A.12(a) of the NYSE listing standards.





    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
88
924
000
93
571
000
90
968
000
83
243
000

    
66
755
000
70
140
000
68
336
000
62
804
000

    
6
333
000
5
502
000
8
979
000
3
644
000

    
3
990
000
2
813
000
7
208
000
1
865
000

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
74
295
000
78
255
000
76
067
000
69
572
000

    
56
681
000
59
041
000
56
442
000
52
332
000

    
10
281
000
9
142
000
6
802
000
1
455
000

    
6
358
000
5
944
000
5
069
000
1
170
000

    
    
    
    
    



for each of the quarters presented; accordingly
 the sum of the quarterly earnings per common share may not equal the total computed
for the year.


    
    





 the following
risk factors in addition to all other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should be considered when carefully reading
this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If any of the events described below occurs
 the Company&rsquo;s business financial condition
and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. The following discussion is not all inclusive and additional
risks and uncertainties presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impact our business
 financial conditions
and operating results.

We may be subject to health related
claims from our customers.


may allege that the Medifast program contributed to the ailment. The Company is not currently the subject of any such claims; however
we would defend ourselves vigorously against such accusations. Regardless of the ultimate outcome
 such claims could reduce our
brand image and customer loyalty and defending against such claims would be costly and could adversely affect our results of operations.

Much of our growth and future profitability depends on the
effectiveness of our advertising spent in the Direct Response marketing channel.


to attract and retain customers which significantly depends on our marketing practices. Our marketing expenditures may not result
in increased revenue or generate sufficient awareness of the program or the brand to the consumer. We may not be able to manage
our advertising expenditures in a cost effective manner which may increase the cost to acquire a new customer to an elevated level
that will decrease profits.

Adverse publicity associated with our products
 ingredients
or sales channels
 or those of similar companies
 could harm our financial condition
 operating results
 and stock price.


 whether or not accurate
relating to the Company
 our products or our operations
 our sales channels and independent Health Coaches and franchisees could
adversely impact the Company&rsquo;s financial condition
 operating results
 and stock price. If the press were to come out with
negative media about low-calorie diets
 meal replacements
 or soy protein this could harm our business. Even if not directed at
Medifast
 this perception could be instilled in our target market and cause harm to our operating results. In addition
 it could
lead to lawsuits or other legal challenges and could negatively impact our reputation
 the market demand for our products
 or our
general business.

We may be subject to claims that our employees are unqualified
to provide weight loss counseling.


provides medical assessments and counseling to our customers. We also may be subject to claims that our employees lack the proper
training and qualifications to provide proper advice regarding weight loss. We could be subject to claims if an employee in one
of our clinics gives inappropriate weight loss advice that results in health problems. Any such litigation would be costly and
claims could result in damage to our reputation and could have an adverse effect on our operating results.

Since we cannot exert the same
level of influence or control over our independent Health Coaches as we could were they our own employees
 our Health Coaches
could fail to comply with our policies and procedures
 which could result in claims against us that could harm our financial condition
and operating results.


are independent contractors and
 accordingly
 we are not in a position to directly provide the same direction
 motivation and oversight
as we would if Health Coaches were our own employees. As a result
 there can be no assurance that our Health Coaches will participate
in our marketing strategies or plans
 accept our introduction of new products
 or comply with our health coach policies and procedures
despite our internal compliance efforts.


of independent Health Coaches will increase or remain constant or that their productivity will increase. The number of active independent
Health Coaches may not increase and could decline in the future. Independent Health Coaches may terminate their services at any
time
 and
 like most direct selling companies
 we experience turnover among new independent Health Coaches from year to year. We
cannot accurately predict any fluctuation in the number and productivity of independent Health Coaches because we primarily rely
upon existing independent Health Coaches to sponsor and train new independent Health Coaches and to motivate new and existing independent
Health Coaches. Our operating results could be adversely affected if we and our existing independent Health Coaches do not generate
sufficient interest in our business to successfully retain existing independent Health Coaches and attract new independent Health
Coaches.


state and local laws regulate our business
 products and direct selling program. While we have implemented health coach policies
and procedures designed to govern their conduct and to protect the trademarks and brand of the Company it can be difficult to enforce
these policies and procedures because of the large number of Health Coaches and their independent status. Violations by our independent
Health Coaches of applicable law or of our policies and procedures in dealing with customers could reflect negatively on our products
and operations and harm our business reputation. In addition
 it is possible that a court could hold us civilly or criminally accountable
based on vicarious liability because of the actions of our independent Health Coaches.

The loss of key personnel could adversely affect our ability
to operate and result in a negative financial condition.


integral components of our Company. Although we do not anticipate the departure of any key employees including but not limited
to the executive management team
 we cannot guarantee their tenure indefinitely. Our future success depends to a significant degree
on the skills
 experience and efforts of our key executive officers. The loss of the services of any of these individuals could
harm our business. If any key executive officers left us or were seriously injured and became unable to work
 the business could
be harmed.


    
    


If we do not continue to develop innovative
new services and products or if our services and products do not continue to appeal to the market
 our business may suffer.


to changing customer demands based
 in large part
 on the efficacy and popular appeal of weight management programs. Our future
success depends on our ability to continue to develop and market new services and products and to enhance our existing services
and products
 each on a timely basis to respond to new and evolving customer demands
 achieve market acceptance and keep pace with
new nutritional and weight management developments. We may not be successful in developing
 introducing on a timely basis or marketing
any new or enhanced services and products
 and we cannot assure you that any new or enhanced services or products will appeal to
the market. Our failure to develop new services and products and to enhance our existing services and products or the failure of
our services and products to continue to appeal to the market could have an adverse impact on our ability to attract and retain
members and subscribers and thus adversely affect our business.

Third parties may infringe on our brand and other intellectual
property rights
 which may have an adverse impact on our business


copyright
 trade secret
 patent and other intellectual property laws and confidentiality procedures to establish and protect our
proprietary rights
 including our brand. If we fail to successfully enforce our intellectual property rights
 the value of our
brand
 services and products could be diminished and our business may suffer. Our precautions may not prevent misappropriation
of our intellectual property
 particularly in foreign countries where laws or law enforcement practices may not protect our proprietary
rights as fully as in the United States. Any legal action that we may bring to protect our brand and other intellectual property
could be unsuccessful and expensive and could divert management&rsquo;s attention from other business concerns. In addition
 legal
standards relating to the validity
 enforceability and scope of protection of intellectual property
 especially in Internet-related
businesses
 are uncertain and evolving. We cannot assure you that these evolving legal standards will sufficiently protect our
intellectual property rights in the future.

Our ability to compete could be negatively affected in the
event we fail to protect our brand names
 trademarks or other intellectual property.


direct to consumer models
 brand awareness is an important factor in our sales strategy. Failure to protect our brand or maintain
an image of good standing with the public could result in a negative effect on our operations. Additionally
 failure to protect
our intellectual property could result in the arrival of a similar competitor which could reduce our competitive edge or decrease
our market share.

As a manufacturer
 we may be subject to product liability
claims.


products for human consumption and topical application
 we could become exposed to product liability claims and litigation. Additionally
the manufacture and sale of these products involves the risk of injury to consumers due to tampering by unauthorized third parties
or product contamination. To date
 we have not been a party to any product liability litigation. We are aware of no instance in
which any of our products are or have been defective in any way that could give rise to material losses or expenditures related
to product liability claims. Although we maintain product liability insurance
 which we believe to be adequate for our needs
 there
can be no assurance that we will not be subject to such claims in the future or that our insurance coverage will be adequate.

The sale of ingested products involves product liability
and other risks.


are ingested
 we face an inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims if the use of our products results in illness or
injury. The foods that we resell in the U.S. are subject to laws and regulations
 including those administered by the U.S. Department
of Agriculture and Food and Drug Administration (&ldquo;FDA&rdquo;) that establish manufacturing practices and quality standards
for food products. Product liability claims could have a material adverse effect on our business as existing insurance coverage
may not be adequate. The successful assertion or settlement of an uninsured claim
 a significant number of insured claims or a
claim exceeding the limits of our insurance coverage would harm us by adding costs to the business and by diverting the attention
of senior management from the operation of the business. We may also be subject to claims that our products contain contaminants
are improperly labeled
 include inadequate instructions as to use or inadequate warnings covering interactions with other substances.
Product liability litigation
 even if not meritorious
 is very expensive and could also entail adverse publicity for us and reduce
our revenue. In addition
 the products we distribute
 or certain components of those products
 may be subject to product recalls
or other deficiencies. Any negative publicity associated with these actions would adversely affect our brand and may result in
decreased product sales and
 as a result
 lower revenues and profits.

A disruption in the supply of raw materials or the inability
of third party manufacturing for certain products could affect operating results. 


quality raw materials for us to utilize in our on-site manufacturing processes. Any disruption in the availability of these materials
could potentially interrupt our ability to provide certain products to customers in a timely manner. Also certain products are
currently manufactured through a third party. The availability of these products is prone to fluctuations dependent on the manufacturer&rsquo;s
ability to secure and produce a quality product that satisfies our satisfaction standards. Our inability to secure products in
a timely manner will cause loss of revenue
 loss of customers
 and damage to our brand.

Disruption to the Company&rsquo;s supply chain could adversely
affect its business.


suppliers or to the Company&rsquo;s manufacturing or distribution capabilities due to weather
 natural disaster
 fire
 terrorism
pandemic
 strikes
 or other reasons could impair the Company&rsquo;s ability to manufacture and/or sell its products. Failure to
take adequate steps to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events
 or to effectively manage such events if they
occur
 particularly when a product is sourced from a single location
 could adversely affect the Company&rsquo;s business or financial
results.


    
    





products sold to our customers. As a result
 we are dependent upon the uninterrupted and efficient operation of our manufacturing
facility in Owings Mills
 Maryland. Those operations are subject to power failures
 the breakdown
 failure
 or substandard performance
of equipment
 the improper installation or operation of equipment
 natural or other disasters
 and the need to comply with the
requirements or directives of government agencies
 including the FDA. There can be no assurance that the occurrence of these or
any other operational problems at our facility would not have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 or
results of operations. We are subject to a variety of environmental laws relating to the storage
 discharge
 handling
 emission
generation
 manufacture
 use and disposal of chemicals
 solid and hazardous waste
 and other toxic and hazardous materials. Our
manufacturing operations presently do not result in the generation of material amounts of hazardous or toxic substances. Nevertheless
complying with new or more stringent laws or regulations
 or more vigorous enforcement of current or future policies of regulatory
agencies
 could require substantial expenditures by us that could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
or results of operations. Environmental laws and regulations require us to maintain and comply with a number of permits
 authorizations
and approvals and to maintain and update training programs and safety data regarding materials used in our processes. Violations
of those requirements could result in financial penalties and other enforcement actions and could require us to halt one or more
portions of our operations until a violation is cured. The combined costs of curing incidents of non-compliance
 resolving enforcement
actions that might be initiated by government authorities
 or of satisfying new legal requirements could have a material adverse
effect on our business
 financial condition
 or results of operations.




our production
 operation
 and advertising. The Federal Trade Commission (&ldquo;FTC&rdquo;) and certain states regulate advertising
disclosures to consumers
 privacy
 consumer pricing or billing arrangements
 and other consumer matters. Our direct selling distribution
channel is subject to risk of interpretation of certain laws pertaining to the prevention of &ldquo;pyramid&rdquo; or &ldquo;chain
sale&rdquo; schemes. Although we believe we are in full compliance
 should the governing body alter or enforce the law in an unanticipated
way
 there may be a negative result on the Company&rsquo;s operations. The Company&rsquo;s financial reporting is subject to various
laws and regulations as well
 specifically
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the Securities and Exchange Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;).
These requirements demand the Company disclose certain information and maintain specific controls to ensure fair and legal accounting
practices as outlined therein. The Company has taken substantial measures to ensure compliance through routine internal and external
audits. Failure to correct any flaws in internal controls may constitute a public notification of weakness and could have an adverse
effect on our stock price. Additionally
 the Company is required to maintain a position of good standing in regards to taxation
on both a Federal and State level. Failure to comply with federal and state regulations could result in additional taxes
 fines
or interest due that could financially strain the Company. Future laws and regulations could potentially have a material negative
impact on the Company. Failure to comply with any regulations of current or future authoritative entities could have a detrimental
effect on the Company&rsquo;s financial standing or operating results.

New or more stringent governmental regulations could adversely
affect our business.


products are highly regulated by a variety of federal
 state
 local and foreign agencies. Changes in laws or regulations
 or interpretations
of those laws
 could result in additional regulatory requirements on us
 such as the recently proposed food safety legislation
that would require registration fees and mandatory product testing. These could increase our costs or restrict our marketing efforts
causing our results of operations to be adversely affected. Increased governmental interest in advertising practices may result
in regulations that could require us to change or restrict our advertising practices.


carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions as a result of concern over climate change may result in increased compliance
costs
 capital expenditures and other financial obligations for us. We use natural gas
 diesel fuel
 and electricity in the manufacturing
and distribution of our products. Legislation or regulation affecting these inputs could materially affect our profitability. In
addition
 climate change could affect our ability to procure commodities at reasonable costs and in quantities required. This may
also necessitate unplanned capital expenditures.


 our selling practices are
regulated by competition authorities in the United States and abroad. A finding that we are in violation of
 or out of compliance
with
 applicable laws or regulations could subject us to civil remedies
 including fines
 damages
 injunctions or product recalls
or criminal sanctions
 any of which could adversely affect our business.

The business may grow too quickly for the current infrastructure
to handle.


and our Take Shape for Life relationship marketing division sees a large uptick in recruitment
 we may be unable to handle the
growth from an operational perspective. Increasing demands on our infrastructure could cause long hold times in the call center
as well as delays on our website. In addition
 there could be delays in order processing
 packaging and shipping. We could run
out of a majority of our inventory if growth exceeded our production capacity. If these difficulties are encountered in a period
of hyper-growth then our operating results could suffer.

We are subject to risks associated with our reliance upon
information technology systems. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


reliability
 and proper use of information processing systems and management information technology. Our information technology
systems are designed and selected in order to facilitate order entry and customer billing
 maintain health coach and preferred
customer records
 accurately track purchases and incentive payments
 manage accounting
 finance
 and manufacturing operations
generate reports
 and provide customer service and technical support. Although off-site data back-up is maintained
 it is possible
that an interruption in these systems could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 or results of
operations.

Any deficiencies or shortcomings in our information technology
could prevent an efficient execution of routine business procedures.


to support major business components. Any disruption to the integrity of this support structure including but not limited to; software
telecommunications
 Electronic Resource Platform
 or the Information Technology architecture as a whole could severely limit our
ability to provide customers and vendors with adequate service and operating responses. In addition
 our financial reporting is
directly correlated with our Company-wide software Microsoft Navision 4.0. Any compromise in the veracity of this system could
severely alter the accuracy of our tracking
 volumes
 and general reporting including financial statements.


    
    


Our business is subject to online security
risks
 including security breaches and identity theft.


 online commerce
and communications must provide a secure transmission of confidential information over public networks. Currently
 a significant
number of our customers authorize us to bill their credit cards directly for all fees charged by us. We rely on third party software
products to secure our credit card transactions. Although we have developed systems and processes that are designed to protect
consumer information and prevent fraudulent payment transactions and other security breaches
 failure to prevent or mitigate such
fraud or breaches may adversely affect our operating results.

Our stock price may experience volatility
due to fluctuations in our operating results. 


sometimes in response to our operating results
 a competitor&rsquo;s operating results
 other factors beyond the Company&rsquo;s
control
 or our ability to meet stock analysts forecasts and our yearly revenue and EPS guidance. In addition
 general trends in
the weight-loss industry as a whole can have an effect on our stock price. These factors may have an adverse affect on the market
price of our stock and cause it to fluctuate significantly.

Taxation risks could subject us to liability for past sales
increase our costs and could impact our profitability.


and/or state tax authorities of new tax regulations or changes to existing standards and actions by federal
 state
 or local tax
agencies and judicial authorities with respect to applying applicable tax laws and regulations and the resolution of disputes with
any taxing jurisdictions could subject us to liability for past sales
 increase our costs and could impact our profitability.

We may not successfully make acquisitions or enter into joint
ventures and we may not successfully integrate
 operate or realize the anticipated benefits of such businesses. 


 we may
pursue selected acquisitions or joint ventures. We cannot assure you that we will be able to effect these transactions on commercially
reasonable terms or at all. Any future acquisitions or joint ventures may require access to additional capital
 and we cannot assure
you that we will have access to such capital on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we enter into these transactions
we may not realize the benefits we anticipate or we may experience difficulties in integrating any acquired companies and products
into our existing business; attrition of key personnel from acquired businesses; significant charges or expenses; higher costs
of integration than we anticipated; or unforeseen operating difficulties that require significant financial and managerial resources
that would otherwise be available for the ongoing development or expansion of our existing operations.


our joint ventures may be limited by contract or otherwise. In addition
 we may not be able to influence the occurrence or timing
of distributions from our joint ventures. If any of the other investors in one of our joint ventures fails to observe its commitments
the joint venture may not be able to operate according to its business plan or we may be required to increase our level of commitment.
The interests of our joint venture partners may differ from ours
 and they may cause such entities to take actions which are not
in our best interest. If we are unable to maintain our relationships with our joint venture partners
 we could lose our ability
to operate in the geographies and/or markets in which they operate
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
financial condition or results of operations.


result in the incurrence of additional debt and related interest expense
 as well as unforeseen contingent liabilities
 all of
which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition or results of operations. We may also issue additional
equity in connection with these transactions
 which would dilute our existing shareholders.

The sale of our products in markets
outside of the United States may subject us to risks.


for the sale of our products in international markets and we plan to expand our international sales
 marketing and distribution
activities on our own and through arrangements with partners located in other countries. The sale
 marketing and distribution of

 including
 but
not limited to
 the following:




























New diets or pharmaceutical solutions could put us at a competitive
disadvantage.


and influenced by many factors. For example
 a low carbohydrate diet trend hit the United States several years ago and had an adverse
impact on many weight loss companies
 including ours. Another new diet could sweep the nation or consumer preferences could change
which is common in our industry. Our failure to adapt or respond quickly enough to these changes could have an adverse affect on
our results of operations. In addition
 pharmaceutical companies are constantly trying to develop safe
 effective drugs that promote
weight loss. If successful
 many dieters could perceive this to be easier than the Medifast program and this would put us at a
competitive disadvantage.


    
    


Our results of operations may decline as a result of a downturn
in general economic conditions or consumer confidence.


are highly dependent on product sales and program fees. A downturn in general economic conditions or consumer confidence and spending
in any of our major markets could result in people curtailing their discretionary spending
 which
 in turn
 could lead to a decrease
in product sales in our Medifast Direct and Take Shape for Life divisions and a decrease in product and program fees at our Medifast
Weight Control Centers. Any such reduction would adversely affect our results of operations.

A competitor or new entrant into the market may develop a
product and program similar to or more effective or more favorably perceived than ours. 


We compete with a wide variety of commercial weight loss programs
 pharmaceutical products
 weight loss books
 self-help diets
supplements and meal replacements. Many of our competitors are significantly larger than us and have more financial resources to
develop new products and programs. Our business could be affected if one of our competitors or a new entrant to the market develops
similar products and programs through similar marketing channels or more effective or more favorably perceived products. This could
result in lower sales as well as pricing competition which could adversely affect the Company&rsquo;s results from operations.








 Maryland
 the Company
owns a 49
000 square-foot manufacturing facility and leases two buildings which serve as corporate headquarters. In 2003
 the Company
purchased an 119
000 square-foot distribution facility in Ridgley
 Maryland
 approximately 80 miles away from corporate headquarters.
In July 2010
 the Company leased a second distribution center in Dallas
 Texas. Both distribution facilities give the Company adequate
product distribution capacity for the foreseeable future. In 2004
 the Company purchased a 3
000 square-foot conference and training
facility in Ocean City
 Maryland. The facility is used to conduct corporate training sessions
 Board of Director meetings and is
used for employee morale and wellness programs. In December 2012
 the Company leased a raw materials warehouse in Arbutus
 MD.
The Company has eighty-seven leases for its corporately owned Medifast Weight Control Centers throughout eight states; Texas
 Florida
Maryland
 Pennsylvania
 Delaware
 New Jersey
 North Carolina and Virginia. All corporate leases range in terms from one to ten
years.




 2012
 Jason Pharmaceuticals
Inc.
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
 signed a proposed consent decree with the Federal Trade Commission (&ldquo;FTC&rdquo;)
in response to the FTC&rsquo;s investigation of certain statements in the Company&rsquo;s advertising for its weight-loss programs.
On September 17
 2012
 the consent decree was entered and approved by the United States District Court for the District of Columbia.
The consent decree replaces a previous consent order entered into by Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc. and the FTC in 1992. The FTC expressed
concern that some of the Company&rsquo;s advertising contained claims which were not compatible with current standards for substantiation.
Pursuant to the consent decree
 the Company agreed to modify certain advertising claims in this regard and agreed to ensure that
its clinical studies meet the protocol contained in the consent agreement. The Company paid a civil penalty of $3.7 million to
resolve the FTC&rsquo;s concerns and avoid protracted legal proceedings.


 2011
 a shareholder derivative
complaint titled Shane Rothenberger
 derivatively on behalf of Medifast
 Inc.
 v. Bradley T. MacDonald et al. (Civil Action 2011-CV
863 [BEL]); and on April 11
 2011
 a shareholder derivative complaint titled James A. Thompson
 derivatively on behalf of Medifast
Inc.
 v. Bradley T. MacDonald et al. (Civil Action 2011-CV934 [BEL]) were filed in the U.S. District Court
 District of Maryland.
The similarly worded complaints allege breach of fiduciary duties
 unjust enrichment
 and abuse of control
 gross mismanagement
and waste of corporate assets. Each complaint requests an unspecified amount of damages
 a Court Order directing reformation of
corporate governance
&nbsp;restitution to the Company and payment of costs and disbursements. The Company is named as a nominal
defendant. On July 19
 2011
 the U.S. District Judge ordered consolidation of the two cases
 appointment of co-lead counsel
 and
the filing of a consolidated complaint
 among other matters. No consolidated complaint has been filed
 and therefore no response
is due from the Company at this time. After the consolidated complaint is filed
 the Company intends to take whatever action it
deems necessary to protect its interests.


 2011
 a putative class action
complaint titled Oren Proter et al. v. Medifast
 Inc. et al. (Civil Action 2011-CV-720[BEL])
 alleging violations of Sections 10(b)
and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)
 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated under
the Exchange Act
 was filed for an unspecified amount of damages in the U.S. District Court
 District of Maryland. The complaint
alleges that the defendants made false and/or misleading statements and failed to disclose material adverse facts regarding the
Company&rsquo;s business
 operations and prospects. On March 24
 2011
 a putative class action complaint titled Fred Greenberg
v. Medifast
 Inc.
 et al (Civil Action 2011-CV776 [BEL]
 alleging violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and
Rule 10b-5 promulgated under the Exchange Act
 was filed for an unspecified amount of damages in the U.S. District Court
 District
of Maryland. The complaint alleges that the defendants made false and/or misleading statements and failed to disclose material
adverse facts regarding the Company&rsquo;s business
 operations and prospects. On July 19
 2011
 the U.S. District Judge ordered
the consolidation of the cases and appointment of co-lead counsel among other matters. The Greenberg case was dismissed without
prejudice. The Plaintiffs subsequently filed an Amended Complaint. The Company has reviewed these allegations
 and subsequently
filed a Motion to Dismiss which is currently pending.


February 17
 2010 in the U.S. District Court (SD
 Cal) against Barry Minkow and the Fraud Discovery Institute
 Inc. (collectively
&ldquo;Minkow&rdquo;)
 iBusiness Reporting
 and its editor William Lobdell
 Tracy Coenen and Sequence
 Inc. (collectively
 &ldquo;Coenan&rdquo;)
&ldquo;Zee Yourself&rdquo;
 and Robert L. Fitzpatrick (&ldquo;FitzPatrick&rdquo;) for defamation and violations of California Corporation
Code Sections 25400 et seq. and 17200 et seq
 alleging a scheme of market manipulation of Medifast stock for Defendants&rsquo;
monetary gain
 by damaging the business reputation of Medifast and its meal replacement weight loss products. Bradley T. MacDonald
former Executive Chairman of Medifast
 who was also a significant shareholder of the Company
 joined the lawsuit individually.
The lawsuit seeks $270 million in compensatory damages
 punitive damages
 and ancillary relief. In March 2011
 the District Court
granted in part and denied in part certain SLAPP Motions (i.e. motions to dismiss) previously filed by all Defendants. The Company
continues prosecution of this civil lawsuit and has appealed that portion of the District Court&rsquo;s ruling which dismissed
its defamation claims against Minkow and Coenan. The appeal remains pending in the 9


    
    



 the Chapter 7 Bankruptcy
Trustee for Go Fig
 Inc. et al.
 Debtors
 filed an adversary civil proceeding in the US Bankruptcy Court (ED
 Missouri) against
Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 a subsidiary of the Company
 and other unrelated entities seeking to recover
 as to each
 alleged
preferential payments. Jason Pharmaceuticals sold product received by the Debtors and has previously filed a pending claim in the
same bankruptcy. Medifast disputed the Trustee&rsquo;s allegations. This action was by Court order placed on hold while the Trustee
litigated similar issues against another party. This matter was recently settled by Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc. for $6
500. Upon
court approval of the settlement
 all matters related to this case will be resolved.


subject to claims or charges filed by former or current employees or employment applicants alleging discrimination or harassment
in violation of various federal or state regulations. The Company does not believe that any of the pending employment-related claims
are material.






    
    




ITEM 5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.


the symbol MED. The common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange. The following is a list of the low and high closing
prices by fiscal quarters for 2012 and 2011:



    
    

    
    
    


 2012
    
    

    
 2012
    
    

    
 2012
    
    

    
 2012
    
    




    
    

    
    
    


 2011
    
    

    
 2011
    
    

    
 2011
    
    

    
 2011
    
    



of the Company's Common Stock as of March 15
 2013. This number does not include beneficial owners of our securities held in the
name of nominees.


by the Company during 2012 or 2011. The Company has not and does not plan to declare dividends in the foreseeable future.


term loan are secured by substantially all the assets of the Company and contain customary covenants including covenants that
in certain circumstances
 restrict the Company&rsquo;s ability to incur additional indebtedness
 pay dividends on and redeem capital
stock
 make other payments
 including investments
 sell its assets and enter into consolidations
 mergers and transfers of all
or substantially all of its assets


 2012
 Board of Directors of
Medifast
 Inc. authorized the repurchase of up to 1
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. The authorization remains
open for a period of 24 months ending on May 29
 2014. This authorization is in addition to the previously reported share repurchase
authorizations on May 18
 2011 and on July 21
 2011.


be made by brokers through open market and privately negotiated transactions at times and in such amounts as management shall deem
appropriate pursuant to Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act. The timing and actual number of shares which may be&nbsp;&nbsp;repurchased
will depend on a variety of factors including price
 corporate authorization provisions
 above noted regulatory requirements
 and
other market conditions.


Subject to applicable securities laws repurchases may be made at such times and in such amounts
 as our management deems appropriate.
The share repurchase program may be discontinued or terminated at any time and we have not established a date for completion of
the share repurchase program. The repurchases will be funded from our available cash.


125
000 remaining authorized
shares that may be repurchased.


31
 2012.


    
    





cumulative total stockholder return (Common Stock price appreciation plus dividends
 on a reinvested basis) over the last five
fiscal years with the Standard &amp; Poor&rsquo;s S&amp;P 500 Index and the Company&rsquo;s selected peer group
 including NutriSystem
Inc.
 Herbalife Ltd.
 USANA Health Sciences
 and Weight Watchers International
 Inc.





    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 Inc.
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    







 the Company issued 35
514 unregistered
 restricted
common shares to its non-employee directors as part of their annual director compensation. In addition
 upon his appointment as
Executive Chairman
 the Company granted Michael C. MacDonald 60
000 unregistered
 restricted common shares
 which vest in three
yearly increments commencing on October 31
 2012.


on the exemption from registration set forth in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 for transactions not
involving a public offering.




    
    





consolidated financial data set forth below should be read in conjunction with &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&rdquo; included as Part&nbsp;II
 Item&nbsp;7 of this Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K
and the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto of the Company included in Part&nbsp;II Item&nbsp;8 of this Annual
Report on Form&nbsp;10-K. The historical results provided below are not necessarily indicative of future results.



    
    
    
    
    
    


 except per share data)
    
    
    
    
    

    
356
706
298
189
257
552
169
743
110
076

    
23
262
27
382
31
640
18
497
7
367

    
24
458
27
680
31
692
18
424
7
018

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
130
251
105
665
94
059
62
960
49
925

    
    
1
426
    
    
3
421

    
3
809
4
251
4
855
5
444
4
313

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
13
722
13
965
14
082
13
515
13
126

    
13
740
14
198
14
573
14
737
14
329


ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.





statements which may involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors that may cause the Company&rsquo;s actual
results and performance in future periods to be materially different from any future results or performance suggested by these
statements. These factors include
 but are not necessarily limited to those risks set forth in Item 1A of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. Words such as &ldquo;projects&rdquo;
 &ldquo;believe&rdquo;
 &ldquo;plan&rdquo;
 &ldquo;anticipate&rdquo; and &ldquo;expect&rdquo;
and similar expressions are intended to qualify as forward-looking statements. Medifast
 Inc. cautions investors not to place undue
reliance on forward-looking statements
 which speak only to management's expectations on this date. We undertake no obligation
to update any forward-looking statements even if actual results may differ from projections.


in conjunction with the financial information included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form
10-K.




prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Our significant accounting policies are described in
Note 2 of the consolidated financial statements.


requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 the disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses
during the reporting period. Management develops
 and changes periodically
 these estimates and assumptions based on historical
experience and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from
these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Management considers the following accounting estimates to be the most
critical in preparing our consolidated financial statements. These critical accounting estimates have been discussed with our Audit
Committee.


net of discounts
 rebates
 promotional adjustments
 price adjustments
 and estimated returns and upon transfer of title and risk
to the customer which occurs at shipping (F.O.B. terms). Upon shipment
 the Company has no further performance obligations and
collection is reasonably assured as the majority of sales are paid for prior to shipping. Medifast Weight Control Centers&rsquo;
program fees are recognized over the estimated service period. The balance of deferred revenue on the balance sheet is $1.8 million
as of December 31
 2012
 an increase of $0.6 million in comparison to December 31
 2011.


Assets: We continually assess the impairment of long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. Judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based on legal
factors
 market conditions and our operating performance. Future events could cause us to conclude that impairment indicators exist
and the carrying values of fixed and intangible assets may be impaired. Any resulting impairment loss would be limited to the value
of net fixed and intangible assets.


    
    



is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is
more-likely-than-not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not
recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon
settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the
amount measured as described above is reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet
along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination.


that we did not have any material uncertain tax positions requiring recognition of a liability. Our policy is to recognize interest
and penalties accrued on uncertain tax positions as part of income tax expense. For the twelve months ended December 31
 2012 and
2011
 no material estimated interest or penalties were recognized for the uncertainty of certain tax positions. We file income
tax returns in the United States and various states jurisdictions. With few exceptions
 we are no longer subject to U.S. federal
state and local income tax examinations by tax authorities for the years before 2009.


for customer returns at each reporting period and adjust them to reflect data available at that time. To estimate reserves for
returns
 we consider actual return rates in preceding periods. To the extent the estimate of returns changes
 we will adjust the
reserve
 which will impact the amount of product sales revenue recognized in the period of the adjustment. Our estimates for returns
have not differed materially from our actual returns. The provision for estimated returns as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 were
$300
000 and $234
000
 respectively.&nbsp;


stores
 distribution facilities
 and office space under operating leases. Many lease agreements contain tenant improvement allowances
rent holidays
 rent escalation clauses and contingent rent provisions. The Company recognizes incentives and minimum rental expenses
on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases. We commence recording rent expense on the date of initial possession
 which
is generally when we enter the space and begin to make improvements to properties for our intended use. For tenant improvement
allowances and rent holidays
 we record a deferred rent liability on the consolidated balance sheets and amortize the deferred
rent over the terms of the leases as reductions to rent expense on the consolidated statements of income.


the lease terms or for rental payments commencing at a date other than the date of initial occupancy
 we record minimum rental
expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases on the consolidated statements of income. Several leases provide
for contingent rents
 which are determined as a percentage of gross sales in excess of specified levels. We record a contingent
rent liability on the consolidated balance sheets and the corresponding rent expense when we determine achieving specified levels
is probable.




distribution
 and sale of weight management and disease management products and other consumable health and diet products. The
Company&rsquo;s product lines include meal replacements and vitamins. Our products and services are sold to weight loss program
participants primarily via the Internet
 telephone
 and brick and mortar clinics. Our product sales accounted for 95% of our revenues
in 2012 and 94% of our revenues in 2011. Program sales in our Medifast Weight Control Center channel accounted for 3% of revenues
in 2012 and 2011. Shipping revenue and other accounted for 2% of revenue in 2012 and 3% in 2011.


 2012
 Medifast Weight Control
Centers were operating in eighty-seven corporate locations in Pennsylvania
 New Jersey
 Delaware
 Texas
 Florida
 Maryland
 North
Carolina and Virginia
 and thirty-five franchise centers were in operation.


and financial metrics to manage our business
 including revenue to advertising spend in the Medifast Direct channel
 number of
active Health Coaches
 and average monthly revenue generated per health coach in the Take Shape for Life channel
 and average same
store sales improvement for the Medifast Weight Control Center channel.


    
    







Overview of the Twelve Months Ended
December 31
 2012 Compared to Twelve Months Ended December 31
 2011



    



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
356
706
000
298
189
000
58
517
000
    

    
88
671
000
73
693
000
14
978
000
    

    
268
035
000
224
496
000
43
539
000
    

    
    
    
    
    


 general
 and administrative costs
244
773
000
197
114
000
47
659
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
23
262
000
27
382
000
(4
120
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 net
301
000
319
000
(18
000
    

    
895
000
(21
000
916
000
    

    
1
196
000
298
000
898
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
24
458
000
27
680
000
(3
222
000
    

    
8
582
000
9
139
000
(557
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
15
876
000
18
541
000
(2
665
000
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 general
 and administrative costs
    
    

    
    
    



in 2012 compared to $298.2 million in 2011
 an increase of $58.5 million or 20%. The Take Shape for Life sales channel accounted
for 60.6%
 the Medifast Direct channel accounted for 23.7%
 and Medifast Weight Control Centers and Medifast Wholesale Physicians
accounted for 15.8% of total revenue.


 we continued to see sales growth
and improvement in Take Shape for Life
 Medifast Direct and Medifast Weight Control Centers
 and Medifast Wholesale Physicians.
Take Shape for Life revenue increased 16% to $216.1 million compared with $186.2 million in 2011. Growth in revenues for the segment
was driven by increased customer product sales as a result of an increase in active Health Coaches and an increase in net pricing
resulting from reductions of various discounts programs. The number of active Health Coaches at the end of 2012 increased to 10
200
compared with 9
600 during the period a year ago
 an increase of 6%. Active Health Coaches are defined as Health Coaches receiving
income from a product sale in the last month of the quarter. The average revenue per Health Coach per month increased to $1
635
in 2012 from $1
555 in 2011. Take Shape for Life introduced monthly incentives in 2012
 increasing its monthly revenue per Health
Coach. The increase is also attributable to our Trilogy Training website launched July 2011
 which offers easier access to training
materials. In today&rsquo;s environment where trust and personal recommendations are becoming a more important component in consumer
purchasing decisions
 the Take Shape for Life model of one-on-one communication continues to excel. Take Shape for Life customers
who have utilized the Medifast products and programs and successfully have addressed their body weight and health issues are increasingly
choosing to become active Health Coaches. Becoming a Health Coach is a business opportunity with a low cost of start-up and requires
no holding of inventory as orders are shipped to the end consumer. Becoming a health coach allows for supplemental income by supporting
customers ordering through Take Shape for Life.


16% to $84.4 million as compared with $73.0 million in 2011
 an increase of $11.4 million. Due to an effective and targeted advertising
message utilizing extensive analytical analysis and improved call center closing rates
 the Company experienced a 3.0-to-1 return
on advertising spend during 2012 compared to a 2.8-to-1 return on advertising spend in 2011. The Company spent approximately $27.4
million on direct response advertising in 2012
 an increase of 11% from 2011.


    
    



Wholesale Physicians revenue was $56.2 million for 2012
 an increase of 44% compared to 2011. Revenue increased due to the opening
of nineteen new centers throughout 2012
 a 12% increase in the same store sales for Centers open for greater than one year
 and
continued success with our franchise centers. The revenue increase was partially offset by the closing of two centers in 2012.
The Company is continuing to focus on improved advertising effectiveness
 improved closing rates on leads generated through advertising
hiring of more experienced clinic personnel
 and reducing the start-up costs of our Centers.


to $88.7 million as compared to $73.7 million in 2011 which is primarily volume driven. As a percentage of sales
 gross margin
decreased from 75.3% to 75.1% in 2012. The drop in gross margin percentage resulted in a $0.5 million deterioration year over
year.


 General and Administrative Costs:
Selling
 general and administrative expenses increased by $47.7 million compared to 2011. As a percentage of sales
 selling
 general
and administrative expenses increased to 68.6% versus 66.1% in 2011.


drove $7.0 million of the increase. The Federal Trade Commission (&ldquo;FTC&rdquo;) settlement recorded in the second quarter
of $3.7 million as well as the recording of a sales tax accrual of $3.3 million recorded in the fourth quarter. The focus of sales
tax on internet based remote sellers has gained momentum in many states. Because of this
 combined with the desire of the Company
to create symmetry among all sales channels
 we have re-aligned our position to be more consistent with other major internet sellers
and will now be collecting and remitting sales tax in all states that impose sales or use taxes. In order to mitigate the financial
impact on any prior year activity
 the company is taking advantage of voluntary disclosure agreements with various states. The
total amount of sales tax liability in 2012 related to such disclosure agreements is approximately $3.3 million before income
tax and $2.0 million after income tax.


which is variable based upon product sales
 increased by approximately $15.5 million as TSFL sales grew 16% compared to 2011.
Take Shape for Life Health Coaches are independent contractors that are paid commissions on product sales referred to the Company.
Health Coaches earn commissions by referring product sales through their own replicated website or through the Company&rsquo;s
in-house call center. The clients of Health Coaches are responsible for order and payment of product and their order is shipped
directly to their home or designated address. Health Coaches are not required to purchase product in order to receive a commission.
In addition
 Health Coaches do not receive a commission on their personal product orders.


$9.7 million in 2012 as compared to 2011. The increase primarily reflects the hiring of regional trainers
 district managers
area managers
 mobile managers
 dietitians
 human resource recruiters
 operations
 and marketing staff to support the general
growth throughout the business
 the opening of 19 new Medifast Weight Control Centers in 2012
 and the continued focus of improving
and investing in key executive hires throughout the Company.


by $4.2 million in 2012 as compared to prior year
 primarily due to a $3 million increase in Medifast Direct advertising as well
as increased advertising spend for the Medifast Weight Control Centers. In addition to the FTC settlement and sales tax accrual
office expenses increased by $3.3 million due to higher rent for administrative offices and Medifast Weight Control Centers
 information
technology consulting fees
 insurance
 office expenses primarily at the new centers
 and higher accounting fees
 and other expenses
consisting primarily of depreciation and credit card processing fees
 increased by $7.7 million.


    
    



 the Company recorded restructuring
charges of $723
000 to facilitate a workforce reduction in the Medifast Weight Control Centers and its Corporate offices. Approximately
seventy positions were either eliminated or re-aligned in order to reduce operating costs of the MWCC and Wholesale segment. Several
additional positions were also eliminated during the second quarter
 increasing the total restructuring charges by $80
000 to
$803
000. As of December 31
 2012
 the restructuring charges were fully paid. The workforce reduction and staffing re-alignment
resulted in approximately $3.0 million in annualized savings.







    
    
    
 Wholesales
    

    
    
    
    


 2011
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
335
000
388
000
723
000

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 2012
335
000
388
000
723
000

    
    
    
    

    
37
000
43
000
80
000

    
(269
000
(360
000
(629
000

    
    
    
    


 2012
103
000
71
000
174
000

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(63
000
(71
000
(134
000

    
    
    
    


 2012
40
000
    
40
000

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(40
000
    
(40
000

    
    
    
    


 2012
    
    
    


In 2012
 the Company recorded $8.6 million
in income tax expense
 an effective rate of 35.1%. In 2011
 the Company recorded $9.1 million in income tax expense
 an effective
rate of 33.0%. Excluding the $3.7 million FTC settlement
 the effective tax rate would have been 30.5%. The decrease in the effective
tax rate was a result of extensive state income tax restructuring to take advantage of apportionment methodology.&nbsp; As a manufacturing
entity based in Maryland
 the Company adopted the single sales factor apportionment method in addition to claiming new state jobs
credits and research &amp; development credits. The Company anticipates a tax rate of approximately 34-35% in 2013. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


$15.9 million in 2012 as compared to approximately $18.5 million in 2011
 a decrease of $2.7 million. Income from operations as
a percent of sales decreased to 6.5% in 2012 as compared to 9.2% in 2011. The decrease in profitability in 2012 was primarily
a result of the settlement charge of $3.7 million with the FTC as well as the $3.3 million charge to accrue for sales tax exposure.
Excluding the impact of these items
 income from operations for 2012 would have been $30.2 million
 or 8.5% of sales.


    
    





with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
 referred to as GAAP
 the Company has provided certain financial
measures that are not in accordance with GAAP. The Company&rsquo;s non-GAAP financial measures of adjusted net income and adjusted
diluted earnings per share exclude the charges the Company incurred in relation to the anticipated non-tax deductible FTC settlement
as well as the charge taken to accrue for sales tax exposures. Because both charges are unique events
 not directly related to
the Company&rsquo;s normal operations
 the Company believes these non-GAAP financial measures may help investors better understand
and compare our operating results and trends by eliminating this component.



as follows:




    



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
23
262
000
27
382
000
31
640
000

    
    
    
    

    
3
256
000
    
    

    
3
700
000
    
    

    
30
218
000
27
382
000
31
640
000




    



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
15
876
000
18
541
000
19
611
000

    
    
    
    

    
2
026
000
    
    

    
3
700
000
    
    

    
21
602
000
18
541
000
19
611
000

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



calculation of theses non-GAAP financial measures are the same as the weighted-average shares outstanding used in the calculation
of the reported per share amounts.



    
    
    
    

    
13
721
997
13
965
018
14
082
213

    
13
739
824
14
198
495
14
572
921



settlement and the $3.3 million sales tax charge recognized during 2012
 income from operations for the year ended December 31
2012
 increased $2.8 million to $30.2 million from $27.4 million for the year ended December 31
 2011. Adjusted net income for
the year ended December 31
 2012 increased to $21.6 million from $18.5 million for the year ended December 31
 2011. The costs
associated with the FTC settlement are non-deductible for tax purposes and resulted in an increased effective tax rate for the
year ended December 31
 2012. Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31
 2012 increased to $1.57 as compared
to diluted earnings per share of $1.31 for same period in 2011.


    
    






    



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
300
511
000
    
259
191
000
    
229
879
000
    

    
56
195
000
    
38
998
000
    
27
673
000
    

    
356
706
000
    
298
189
000
    
257
552
000
    





from Medifast Direct Marketing and Take Shape for Life. As this represents the majority of our business
 this is discussed in
the &ldquo;Consolidated Results of Operations&rdquo; management discussion for 2012 vs. 2011.


of the sales of Medifast Corporate and Franchise Weight Control Centers as well as Medifast Wholesale Physicians and international
sales. Sales increased by $17.2 million
 or 44% year-over-year due to the opening of nineteen new corporate-owned and five new
franchise centers during 2012. The sales increase is also attributable to a 12% increase in the same store sales for Centers open
for greater than one year
 increased maturity of centers opened in 2011
 increased sales to the Company&rsquo;s franchise centers
and was partially offset by the closure of two corporate-owned centers in 2012.




from Medifast Direct Marketing and Take Shape for Life. As this represents the majority of our business
 this is discussed in
the &ldquo;Consolidated Results of Operations&rdquo; management discussion for 2011 vs. 2010.


of the sales of Medifast Corporate and Franchise Weight Control Centers as well as Medifast Wholesale Physicians. Sales increased
by $11.3 million
 or 41% year-over-year due to the opening of thirty-one new corporate-owned centers during 2011. A 13% increase
in the same store sales for Centers open for greater than one year and increased sales to the Company&rsquo;s franchise centers
also contributed to the sales increase. Improved advertising effectiveness
 the launching of a new operating system to enhance
the customer experience and store operations
 and the hiring of more experienced clinic personnel contributed to sales growth
in the period. At the end of 2011
 there were seventy corporate-owned centers as compared to thirty-nine centers at the end of
2010. The Company had thirty franchise centers in operation as of December 31
 2011 as compared to twenty-one franchise centers
at the end of the prior year.



    



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
32
690
000
    
36
210
000
    
30
773
000
    

    
(576
000
    
(2
738
000
    
6
762
000
    

    
(7
656
000
    
(5
792
000
    
(5
843
000
    

    
24
458
000
    
27
680
000
    
31
692
000
    



 &ldquo;Business Segments&rdquo;
of the financial statements for a detailed breakout of cost of sales
 selling
 general
 and administrative expense
 depreciation
and amortization
 and interest (net) and other.




segment consists of the profits of Medifast Direct Marketing and Take Shape for Life. As this represents the majority of our business
this is referenced to the &ldquo;Consolidated Results of Operations&rdquo; management discussion for 2012 vs. 2011 above.


increased net profitability in 2012 as compared to 2011 by $2.2 million. The increase was the result of savings from the staffing
re-alignment completed in the first quarter of 2012
 increased customer sales
 and reduced advertising spend as a percentage of
sales for each corporate center.


consists of corporate expenses related to the parent Company operations. Year-over-year parent company expenses increased $1.9
million. This includes the $3.7 million FTC settlement recognized in the second quarter. Excluding that expense
 parent company
expenses decreased $1.8 million year-over-year
 attributable to a decrease of $0.5 million in consulting and legal expenses
 a
decrease of $0.3 million in stock compensation expense
 and a one-time $0.8 million gain in other income associated with a key
man insurance proceed for the Company&rsquo;s former Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors during the second quarter. Corporate
expenses include items such as auditors&rsquo; fees
 attorney&rsquo;s fees
 stock compensation expense and corporate governance
related to NYSE
 Sarbanes Oxley
 and SEC regulations.


    
    





segment consists of the profits of Medifast Direct Marketing and Take Shape for Life. As this represents the majority of our business
this is referenced to the &ldquo;Consolidated Results of Operations&rdquo; management discussion for 2011 vs. 2010 below.


decreased net profitability in 2011 as compared to 2010 by $9.5 million. The decrease in net profitability is primarily due to
the hiring of expertise in key areas to build the internal infrastructure to open new Medifast Weight Control Centers in 2011
and beyond. Hires included regional trainers
 district managers
 area managers
 mobile managers
 Dietitians
 HR recruiters
 operations
support
 and marketing. In addition
 thirty-one new corporate centers were opened in 2011. Start-up costs such as rent
 other
office expenses and new employee hires contributed to the decreased profitability of the Centers.


improved advertising effectiveness in both mature and new MWCC markets and enhancing the customer experience through additional
offerings such as metabolic testing the support of a dietitian
 and medical review of labs to show members the impact of weight
loss on their overall health.


consists of corporate expenses related to the parent Company operations. Year-over-year parent company profitability decreased
by $51
000. Corporate expenses include items such as auditors&rsquo; fees
 attorney&rsquo;s fees
 stock compensation expense and
corporate governance related to NYSE
 Sarbanes Oxley
 and SEC regulations.




December 31
 2012:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
225
000
225
000
225
000
225
000
225
000
2
213
000
3
338
000

    
4
570
000
4
508
000
4
265
000
3
409
000
1
650
000
530
000
18
932
000

    
338
000
248
000
248
000
248
000
    
    
1
082
000

    
95
000
458
000
368
000
    
166
000
    
1
087
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
5
228
000
5
439
000
5
106
000
3
882
000
2
041
000
2
743
000
24
439
000



Future payments on long-term debt include our obligations for
                                                            variable and fixed rate loans detailed in Note 12 of the financial
                                                            statements.

The company has operating leases in place for corporate-owned
                                                            Medifast Weight Control Centers
 leased corporate offices
 our Texas
                                                            distribution center
 and our new raw materials warehouse as detailed
                                                            in Note 8 of the financial statements.

We lease large commercial printers for our printing operations
                                                            that are accounted for as capital leases
 these obligations are detailed
                                                            in Note 8 of the financial statements.

We enter into long-term contracts with hotel vendors to secure
                                                            lower rates for our annual Take Shape for Life conventions. The balances
                                                            depicted above represent our estimated cost we would incur should
                                                            we cancel the event. In addition to the hotel contracts
 we also have
                                                            a two year purchase agreement with a messaging and promotion vendor
                                                            that expires in 2014.




of $90.8 million and working capital of $59.8 million on December 31
 2012 compared with $73.4 million and $43.7 million at December
31
 2011
 respectively. The $17.4 million net increase in stockholder&rsquo;s equity reflects $15.9 million in 2012 profits as
well as equity transactions as outlined in the &ldquo;Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity and accumulated
other comprehensive income (loss)
&rdquo; offset by the purchase of $2.8 million treasury stock. The Company&rsquo;s cash and
cash equivalents position increased from $14.3 million at December 31
 2011 to $39.9 million at December 31
 2012.


 2012 the
Company generated cash flow of $40.3 million from operations
 partially attributable to $15.9 million in net operating income.
Sources of cash include an increase in payables and accrued expenses of $9.4 million
 a decrease in other assets of $0.2 million
and an increase of income taxes payable of $4.6 million
 depreciation and amortization of $11.2 million
 share-based compensation
of $2.9 million
 and a loss on disposal of fixed assets of $0.1 million. The increase in payables and accrued expenses includes
the $3.3 million sales tax accrual. This was offset by a total use of $3.9 million which includes an increase in prepaid expenses
and other current assets of $1.0 million
 an increase in accounts receivable of $0.7 million
 a deferred income tax benefit of
$1.3 million
 and an increase in inventory of $0.8 million.


 2012
 net
cash used in investing activities was $11.7 million
 which was primarily due to $11.4 million for the purchase of property and
equipment. The increase in property and equipment relates to the addition of infrastructure in 2012 to support growth. This included
the opening of nineteen new Medifast Weight Control Center locations
 infrastructure to support our computer systems and additions
to corporate offices
 manufacturing
 and distribution facilities to support future growth.


 2012
 financing
activities used $2.9 million in cash. Cash was used to purchase $2.8 million of treasury stock in the open market and to repay
$1.4 million in outstanding debt. The Company realized a cash benefit for excess tax benefits from share-based compensation in
the amount of $1.3 million.


 the
Company may require additional cash for operating and investing activities. The Company expects future cash requirements
 if any
to be funded from operating cash flow and financing activities.


    
    



time to time as presented
 but there are no current plans or discussions for acquisitions.


 2012
 except for operating
leases entered into in the normal course of business
 the Company was not party to any material off-balance sheet arrangements
that are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition
 revenues
 expenses
 results of operations
liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital resources.




Overview of the Twelve Months Ended
December 31
 2011 Compared to Twelve Months Ended December 31
 2010



    



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
298
189
000
257
552
000
40
637
000
    

    
73
693
000
65
083
000
8
610
000
    

    
224
496
000
192
469
000
32
027
000
    

    
    
    
    
    


 general
 and administrative costs
197
114
000
160
829
000
36
285
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
27
382
000
31
640
000
(4
258
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 net
319
000
274
000
45
000
    

    
(21
000
(222
000
201
000
    

    
298
000
52
000
246
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
27
680
000
31
692
000
(4
012
000
    

    
9
139
000
12
081
000
(2
942
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
18
541
000
19
611
000
(1
070
000
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 general
 and administrative costs
    
    

    
    
    



in 2011 compared to $257.6 million in 2010
 an increase of $40.6 million or 16%. The Take Shape for Life sales channel accounted
for 62.4%
 the Medifast Direct channel accounted for 24.5%
 and Medifast Weight Control Centers and Medifast Wholesale Physicians
accounted for 13.1% of total revenue. Take Shape for Life sales
 which are fueled by increased customer product sales as a result
of an increase in active Health Coaches
 increased by 12% compared to 2010. As compared to 2010
 the Medifast Direct Response
sales channel
 which is fueled primarily by consumer advertising
 increased revenues by approximately 14% year-over-year. The
Medifast Weight Control Centers and Medifast Wholesale Physicians increased sales by 41% due to the opening of new corporate and
franchise locations and year- over- year improvement in same store sales.


12% to $186.2 million compared with $165.6 million in 2010. Growth in revenues for the distribution channel was driven by increased
customer product sales as a result of an increase in active Health Coaches. The number of active Health Coaches at the end of
2011 increased to approximately 9
600 compared with 9
000 during 2010
 an increase of 7%. In today&rsquo;s environment where trust
and personal recommendations are becoming a more important component in consumer purchasing decisions
 the Take Shape for Life
model of one-on-one communication continues to excel. Take Shape for Life customers who have utilized the Medifast products and
programs and successfully have addressed their body weight and health issues are increasingly choosing to become active Health
Coaches. Becoming a Health Coach is a business opportunity with a low cost of start-up and requires no holding of inventory as
orders are shipped to the end consumer.


sales increased 14% to $73.0 million as compared with $64.2 million in 2010
 an increase of $8.8 million. Due to a more effective
advertising message
 more targeted advertising through extensive analytical analysis
 and improved call center closing rates
the Company experienced a 2.8-to-1 return on advertising spend during 2011 and 2010.


Medifast Wholesale Physicians channel represented approximately 13.1% of the Company&rsquo;s overall revenues in 2011. At December
31
 2011
 Medifast Weight Control Centers were operating in seventy corporate locations in Austin
 Dallas
 Houston
 San Antonio
Orlando
 Baltimore
 Philadelphia
 Northern Virginia
 and South Florida
 and thirty franchise centers were in operation. In 2011
the Company experienced revenue growth of 41% to $39 million as compared to $27.7 million in 2010
 an increase of $11.3 million.
In 2011
 same store sales increased by 13% for corporate-owned Centers open greater than one year.


    
    




to $73.7 million as compared to $65.1 million in 2010. As a percentage of sales
 gross margin increased to 75.3% from 74.7% in
2010. The improvement in gross margin percentage resulted in a $1.7 million improvement in gross margin leverage based on 2011
sales volume of $298.2 million. The gross margin improvement was primarily the result of leveraging fixed overhead costs in our
manufacturing facility. A modest mid-year price increase in 2011 offset increased raw material
 fuel and other transportation
charges.


 General and Administrative Costs:
Selling
 general and administrative expenses increased by $36.3 million compared to 2010. As a percentage of sales
 selling
 general
and administrative expenses increased to 66.1% versus 62.4% in 2010. Take Shape for Life commission expense
 which is variable
based upon product sales
 increased by approximately $9.0 million as Take Shape for Life sales grew 12% as compared to 2010. Take
Shape for Life Health Coaches are independent contractors that are paid commissions on product sales referred to the Company.
Health Coaches earn commissions by referring product sales through their own replicated website or through the Company&rsquo;s
in-house call center. The clients of Health Coaches are responsible for order and payment of product and their order is shipped
directly to their home or designated address. Health Coaches are not required to purchase product in order to receive a commission.
In addition
 Health Coaches do not receive a commission on their personal product orders.


$11.5 million in 2011 as compared to 2010. The increase primarily reflects the hiring of regional trainers
 district managers
area managers
 mobile managers
 dietitians
 human resource recruiters
 operations
 and marketing staff to support the opening
of 31 new Medifast Weight Control Centers in 2011. There were seventy corporate-owned centers and thirty franchise centers in
operation as of December 31
 2011. In late 2010 and throughout 2011
 the Company has invested in key executive hires in the areas
of Information Technology
 Human Resources
 Finance and Marketing in order to support growth. The opening of the Company&rsquo;s
new Dallas
 Texas distribution center in July of 2010 also led to the hiring of additional personnel in both distribution and
the call center. Sales and marketing expense increased by $5.7 million in 2011 as compared to prior year
 primarily due to the
$3.0 million increase in Medifast Direct advertising as well as increased advertising spend for the Medifast Weight Control Centers.
Communication expenses increased $.5 million. Office expenses increased $6.4 million due to higher rent for administrative offices
and Medifast Weight Control Centers
 information technology consulting fees
 insurance
 office expenses primarily at the new centers
and higher accounting fees. Other expenses consisting primarily of depreciation and credit card processing fees
 increased by
$2.6 million.

In 2011
 the Company
recorded $9.1 million in income tax expense
 an effective rate of 33%. In 2010
 the Company recorded $12.1 million in income tax
expense
 an effective rate of 38.1%. The decline in the effective tax rate was a result of extensive tax planning performed by
the Company. As part of its tax planning process
 the Company amended several returns filed in prior years. As a manufacturing
entity based in Maryland
 the Company adopted the single sales factor apportionment method in addition to claiming new state job
credits
 reducing the Company&rsquo;s overall effective tax rate compared to the prior year.


$18.5 million in 2011 as compared to approximately $19.6 million in 2010
 a decrease of $1.1 million. Pre-tax profit as a percent
of sales decreased to 9.3% in 2011 as compared to 12.3% in 2010. The decrease in profitability in 2011 was primarily a result
of the expansion of the corporate Medifast Weight Control Centers. The MWCC and Wholesale segment income before income taxes decreased
from a gain of $6.8 million in 2010 to a loss of $2.7 million in 2011
 a decrease of $9.5 million. The decrease in net profitability
is primarily due to the hiring of expertise in key areas to build the internal infrastructure to open new Medifast Weight Control
Centers in 2011 and beyond. Hires included regional trainers
 district managers
 area managers
 mobile managers
 dietitians
 human
resource recruiters
 operations support
 and marketing. In addition
 thirty-one new corporate centers were opened in 2011 which
also resulted in decreased profitability attributable to the startup costs as the stores were in the start-up phase during 2011.
The decrease in earnings as a result of the MWCC corporate clinic expansion was partially offset by improved profit in the &ldquo;Medifast&rdquo;
segment as a result of its $29.3 million increase in sales.




 inflation has not had a material
effect on the Company's business.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT
MARKET RISK


from adverse changes in market rates and prices
 such as interest rates and a decline in the stock market. The Company does not
enter into derivatives
 foreign exchange transactions or other financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. The
Company has limited exposure to market risks related to changes in interest rates. The principal risks of loss arising from adverse
changes in market rates and prices to which the Company and its subsidiaries are exposed relate to interest rates on debt. Since
nearly all of our debt is variable rate based
 any changes in market interest rates will cause an equal change in our net interest
expense. At December 31
 2012
 there were $3.3 million of variable interest loans outstanding which is subject to interest rate
risk. Interest rates on our variable rate loans were 1.51% for the year ended December 31
 2012. Each 100 basis point increase
in the bank&rsquo;s LIBOR rates relative to these borrowings would impact interest expense by $33
000 over a 12-month period.




is set forth on pages 57 to 74 hereto and incorporated by reference herein.

ITEM 9. CHANGES AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING



independent auditors
 regarding accounting and financial disclosures for the fiscal year ending December 31
 2012.


    
    




Disclosure Controls and Procedures



we carried out an evaluation
 under the supervision and with the participation of management
 including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer
 of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b)
as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation
 our management has concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures are effective as of December 31
 2012.

Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting


and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting
is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting for external purposes in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Internal control over financial reporting includes
maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; providing reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements; providing reasonable assurance that receipts
and expenditures of Company assets are made in accordance with management authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that
unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of Company assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements would
be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting is
not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements would be prevented or detected.


the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control &ndash; Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation
 our management
concluded that the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31
 2012.


internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2012
 was audited by McGladrey LLP
 our independent registered public
accounting firm
 as stated in their report appearing below.




financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the fourth quarter ended
December 31
 2012 that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial
reporting.




 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer
 does not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal controls will prevent or detect all errors and
all fraud. A control system
 no matter how well designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that
the control system&rsquo;s objectives will be met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are
resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations
in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
if any
 within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making
can be faulty
 and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual
acts of some persons
 by collusion of two or more people
 or by management override of the controls. The design of any system
of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
 and there can be no assurance that
any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time
 controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with associated policies or procedures. Because
of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system
 misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.


    
    


Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm




 Inc.


 Inc.&rsquo;s (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2012

Framework 
responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of

Over Financial Reporting&rdquo;
reporting based on our audit.


the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material
weakness exists
 and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk.
Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our
audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over
) pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable
detail
) provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


 internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


 Medifast
 Inc. maintained
 in all material
respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2012

Control &mdash; Integrated Framework



of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)

 2012
and 2011
 and the related consolidated statements of income
 comprehensive income
 changes in stockholders&rsquo; equity and comprehensive
income
 and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31

of the Company and our report dated March 15
 2013 expressed an unqualified opinion.




 Maryland

 2013


    
    






    
    





ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS OF
THE COMPANY



    
    
    

    
    
Chairman&nbsp;of the Board of Directors
    and Chief Executive Officer

    
    
Chief Operating Officer
 President and Director

Timothy G. Robinson
 CPA
    
    

    
    
Executive Vice President
 Information Technology

Harvey C. &ldquo;Barney&rdquo; Barnum
 Jr.
    
    

Barry B. Bondroff
 CPA
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Executive Vice President
 General Counsel and Director

George J. Lavin
 Jr.
 Esq.
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Donald F. Reilly
 OSA
    
    



 age 59
 Mr. MacDonald
joined Medifast&rsquo;s Executive Committee of the Board of Directors in 1998
 was appointed Executive Chairman in
November 2011
 and was promoted to Chairman &amp; Chief Executive Officer in February 2012. Prior to this role
 Mr. MacDonald
was Executive Vice President of OfficeMax
 overseeing the Contract Division &ndash; a $3.6 billion division of the OfficeMax
Company. Mr. MacDonald has spent an additional 33 years in sales
 marketing
 and general management at Xerox Corporation.
Among his most significant roles was leading the turnaround in North America from the years 2000 to 2004 as President of the
North American Solutions Group
 a $6.5 billion division of Xerox. In addition
 Mr. MacDonald was President of Global Accounts
and Marketing from 2004 to 2007
 where he led the re-branding of the Xerox Corporation. Mr. MacDonald also has international
experience in marketing
 sales
 and operations with both Xerox and OfficeMax.


Arts
 Political Science at Rutgers University
 earned 44 MBA Credits at Iona College
 and attended premier executive education
courses in leadership and management at Harvard and Columbia Universities.


Chief Executive Officer of Medifast
 Inc.
 Mr. MacDonald also serves on the Jimmy V Foundation and the Archdiocese of Baltimore
Catholic Community Foundation. Mr. MacDonald is the uncle of Margaret Sheetz.

Margaret Sheetz
 
 is the President and Chief
Operating Officer of Medifast
 Inc. In March 2011
 Ms. Sheetz also became the Chief Executive Officer of Take Shape for Life.
Prior to joining the Company in 2000
 she worked with the firm of Carrington
 Coleman
 Sloman and Blumenthal in Dallas
 Texas.
As Medifast continues to see strong year-over-year growth
 Ms. Sheetz has provided the operational and technical leadership that
has resulted in Medifast providing the proper infrastructure to support the growth of the company. Her accomplishments include
making dramatic productivity improvement in the Company&rsquo;s operational capabilities
 as well as building a strong infrastructure
of distribution
 manufacturing
 information systems and human resource operations necessary to support rapid business growth.
Ms. Sheetz was first selected as a Management Director in 2008 after she had assumed the positions of President and Chief Operating
Officer of Medifast
 Inc. Her leadership and oversight skills are greatly admired
 and she is recognized in the Company as a detail-orientated
executive who builds high-performance teams. The Board considers her the source person to get information pertinent to the oversight
of Medifast&rsquo;s operations. Ms. Sheetz is the niece of Michael C. MacDonald.


the American Heart Association
 and Toys for Tots Foundation. She sits on the Board of Directors for Stevenson University
 the
Greater Baltimore Committee
 Siloam
 and is also a member of the Villanova President&rsquo;s Leadership Circle. In addition
 she
is the managing trustee of the MacDonald Family Foundation and the Take Shape for Life Foundation which focuses on grants to support
educational programs for disadvantaged students.  She holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from Villanova University and received an Executive MBA from
Loyola University.



 age 50
 is the Company&rsquo;s
Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Robinson was appointed as the Company&rsquo;s Chief Financial Officer on February 1
 2013. Prior
to joining the Company
 Mr. Robinson was Vice President
 Business Operations for Canon Business Solutions
 Inc. from 2008 &ndash;
2013
 where he served as a key member of the executive team for this national office products subsidiary of Canon U.S.A. From
1995 to 2008
 Mr. Robinson was Vice President
 Finance &amp; Administration for Canon Business Solutions-East
 Inc. Mr. Robinson
was Controller of Dupli-Fax
 Inc. from 1989 to 1995 and was a Senior Emerging Business Consultant for Deloitte &amp; Touche from
1985 to 1989. Mr. Robinson received his Bachelor of Science degree in accounting from Villanova University.


 age 55
is the Company&rsquo;s Executive Vice President for Information Technology. Mr. Gould joined the Company in January 2011. Prior
to joining the Company
 Mr. Gould worked in information technology at Godiva Chocolatier
 Inc. and Campbell Soup Company. Mr.
Gould has 30 years of information technology experience with the majority being in the consumer products industry. Mr. Gould
has managed a variety projects both in the U.S. and internationally
 mostly focusing on supply
chain and retail operations. Mr. Gould holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Slippery Rock University and a Master of Business
Administration degree from Saint Joseph&rsquo;s University.


    
    






Harvey C. &ldquo;Barney&rdquo;
Barnum
 Jr
 age 72
 was sworn in as the Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Reserve Affairs on&nbsp;July 23
 2001.
In this capacity he was responsible for all matters regarding the Navy and Marine Corps Reserve including manpower
 equipment
policy and budgeting. On January 20
 2009
 Barnum was designated Acting Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Manpower and Reserve
Affairs)
 a position he held until May 2009. Mr. Barnum was the fourth Marine to be awarded the nation&rsquo;s highest honor
the Medal of Honor for valor in Vietnam. He retired from the Marine Corps as a Colonel in August 1989 after 27 and one-half years
of service. Mr. Barnum served multiple tours as an artilleryman with both the 3rd and 2nd Marine Divisions to include two tours
in Vietnam; 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing; guard officer at Marine Barracks
 Pearl Harbor
 and operations officer
 Hawaiian Armed Forces
Police; weapons instructor at the Officer Basic School; four years at Marine Corps Recruit Depot
 Parris Island
 as commanding
officer
 Headquarters Company and the 2nd Recruit Training Battalion of the Training Regiment; Chief of Current Operations
 US
Central Command where he planned and executed the first U.S./Jordanian joint exercise staff as the commander of U.S. Forces and
twice planned and executed Operation Bright Star spread over four southwest Asian countries involving 26
000 personnel. Headquarters
Marine Corps tours included: aide to the assistant commandant as a captain and deputy director of Public Affairs
 Director Special
Projects Directorate and Military Secretary to the Commandant as a colonel. Upon retirement in 1989
 Mr. Barnum served as the
principal director
 Drug Enforcement Policy
 Office of the Secretary of Defense. Mr. Barnum&rsquo;s personal medals and decorations
include: the Medal of Honor; Defense Superior Service Medal; Legion of Merit; the Bronze Star Medal with Combat &ldquo;V&rdquo;
and gold star in lieu of a second award; Purple Heart; Meritorious Service Medal; Navy Commendation Medal; Navy Achievement Medal
with Combat &ldquo;V&rdquo;; Combat Action Ribbon; Presidential Unit Citation; Army Presidential Unit Citation; Joint Meritorious
Unit Award; Navy Unit Citation; two awards of the Meritorious Unit Citation; the Vietnamese Cross of Gallantry (silver) and the
Department of the Navy Distinguished Public Service Award. Mr. Barnum has attended The Basic School
 U.S. Army Field Artillery
School
 Amphibious Warfare School
 U.S. Army Command and General Staff College and the U.S. Naval War College. He is the past
president of the Congressional Medal of Honor Society
 Connecticut Man of the Year &rsquo;67
 presented Honorary LegumDoctorem
St Anselm College; Rotary Paul Harris Fellow; Abe Pollin Leadership Award &rsquo;03
 Marine Corps League &ldquo;Iron Mike&rdquo;
Award
 Order of the Carabao Distinguished Service Award
 and Ted Williams Leadership Award.


Barnum was first selected to be a director in 2009 because of his extensive distinguished government service at the Department
of the Navy Executive level and his distinguished military career which includes the Medal of Honor Award for bravery in Vietnam.
Mr. Barnum will bring expertise to the Board in the area of Public Policy initiatives as it relates to his knowledge of the Executive
and Legislative Branch of the US Government and his oversight of our Governmental Relations and Policy initiatives on Obesity
related to Medifast products
 protocols and clinical studies.

Barry B. Bondroff
 CPA
 age 64
is an officer and director with Gorfine
 Schiller &amp; Gardyn
 PA
 a full-service certified public accounting firm offering a
wide range of accounting and consulting services. Previously
 he was a Senior Managing Director with SMART
 a diverse team of
business advisory professionals. Mr. Bondroff brings over 42 years of experience providing companies of all sizes and industries
with practical and cost-effective accounting
 assurance
 tax
 business
 technology and financial advisory services. Prior to managing
SMART
 Mr. Bondroff was the Managing Director for Grabush
 Newman &amp; Co.
 P.A.
 which combined with SMART in May 2003. Mr.
Bondroff began his career with Grabush Newman in 1970
 and in 1976 became Officer and was promoted to Managing Director in 1982.
He earned his Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from the University of Baltimore. Additionally
 Mr. Bondroff serves on
the Board of Directors for First Mariner Bank of Maryland
 a NASDAQ listed company. He is active with First Mariner serving on
the Executive Committee
 Loan Committee
 Audit Committee and as Chairman of the Compensation Committee. In addition to his professional
affiliations
 Mr. Bondroff served on the Executive Committee for Israel Bonds and was a Director of Cycle Across Maryland. He
has served on the National Jewish Medical and Research Center
 the Jewish Center for Business Development and has assisted the
Baltimore Symphony Orchestra in its fundraising efforts. In addition
 Mr. Bondroff was a past President and Treasurer of the Edward
A. Meyerberg Northwest Senior Center
 and also served as a Member of the Board of Directors for the Levindale Hebrew Geriatric
Center and Hospital. He was Treasurer for Special Olympics of Maryland
 his term ending in 2012. He is currently a Trustee for
Stevenson University in Maryland
 and is a member of the Audit Committee of the Associated.


    
    



first selected as a director in 2008 because of his more than 36 years experience as a CPA
 and with corporate governance including
serving on the board of another public company. He utilizes that experience as a financial expert and his elected position of
Vice Chairman of the Board. His service on the Audit Committee and his availability as a local director in Baltimore provide for
local oversight and practical consulting in the area of financial management
 risk assessment and Sarbanes-Oxley regulations.
He also provides an extensive rolodex that assists Medifast&rsquo;s management team to find the best talent in the market to assist
in our growth and development. 


 age 64
 is
currently an independent director focusing on bank relationships
 debt refinancing
 merger and acquisition strategy and executive
compensation design. Mr. Connolly spent 29 years at First Union Corp. that merged with Wachovia Bank in 2001. He retired in 2001
as the President and Chief Executive Officer of First Union Corp. of Pennsylvania and Delaware. Mr. Connolly serves on the Boards
of numerous profit and non-profit organizations. He holds an MBA from the University of Chicago and AB from Villanova University.


as a director in 2006 for his extensive executive experience and financial acumen derived from an executive banking resume. His
current selection as director leverages that background of reviewing the financials and performance of hundreds of companies in
the public and private sector. He possesses a unique financial and risk assessment perspective into the operations and financial
management of the Company. He spends an extraordinary amount of time with our executive team providing guidance and consultation
on key metrics and performance objectives that have served Medifast well in the past few years. As the Chairman of the Audit Committee
he has served diligently to insure that the Company maintains its high standards of accountability.

Jason L. Groves
 Esq.
 
is the Company&rsquo;s Executive Vice President and General Counsel. Prior to joining Medifast in November 2011
 Mr. Groves served
as Assistant Vice President of Government Affairs for Verizon Maryland
 since 2003. Mr. Groves is also an Army veteran. He was
a direct commissioned Judge Advocate in the United States Army Judge Advocate General&rsquo;s Corp (&ldquo;JAG&rdquo;). As a JAG
Officer
 he practiced law and had the distinction of prosecuting criminal cases in the District Court of Maryland as a Special
Assistant United States Attorney. Over the course of three years
 he received two Army Achievement Medals
 and one Army Commendation
Medal. Mr. Groves received his Bachelor of Science degree
 cum laude
 in Business with a concentration in Hospitality Management
from Bethune-Cookman University. He also obtained his law degree from North Carolina Central University School of Law and is a
member of the New Jersey and District of Columbia bars as well as several bar associations. Additionally
 he sits on several non-profit
boards including Anne Arundel Medical Center and the Maryland Hospital Association.


 Esq. was first selected as a director in 2009
based on his military
 business and legal background. In addition he has extensive experience with government relations and knowledge
of the healthcare and communications technology fields. He was a Federal prosecutor thus providing keen insight on the regulatory
and legal issues the Company faces in today&rsquo;s business climate. His service on the Audit Committee has provided timely oversight
for all projects he has undertaken.

George J. Lavin
 Jr.
 Esq.
 age
84
 was the senior founding partner of the law firm Lavin
 O&rsquo;Neil
 Ricci
 Ceprone &amp; Disipio. Mr. Lavin is a 1951 graduate
of Bucknell University. He attended the University of Pennsylvania School of Law
 receiving an L.L.B. in 1956
 and then served
as a Special Agent
 Federal Bureau of Investigation
 United States Department of Justice
 until 1959. Mr. Lavin has extensive
national experience in products liability defense. He has had regional responsibilities in several automotive specialty areas
and was called upon to try matters throughout the county on behalf of his clients. Mr. Lavin's practice emphasized his commitment
to defending the automotive industry. Mr. Lavin is admitted to practice before the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania
 the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit and the United States District Courts for the Eastern and Middle Districts of Pennsylvania.
He is a member of the Faculty Advisory Board of the Academy of Advocacy
 the Association of Defense Counsel
 The Defense Research
Institute
 The American Board of Trial Advocates
 and the Temple University Law School faculty. He has also been elected a fellow
of the American College of Trial Lawyers. On March 1
 1994
 Mr. Lavin assumed the title of Counsel to his name sake firm. Mr.
Lavin has served as the General Counsel to the Augustinian order of Villanova
 PA.


 Esq. was first selected
as a director in 2005 for his prestigious demonstrated legal experience on behalf of major international businesses
 management
experience in his law firm and his extensive service with the FBI. His current selection as Director values his experiential oversight
on legal matters as well as his service on the Audit Committee and mentoring talents.


 age
62
 a Sister of Mercy
 has served as Executive Director at SILOAM
 a Body
 Mind
 Spirit wellness center for the HIV/AIDS community
from 2011 to present. Prior to this Sr. Maguire worked in AIDS Ministry within the prison system in Washington
 DC. and has served
as a vocation director for her religious community for 8 years. She received a BS degree in Education/English in 1972
 a MS degree
in Library Science in 1974 both from Villanova University
 and a MA degree in Theology with an emphasis in Pastoral Ministry &amp;
Spirituality in 1995 from St. Michael&rsquo;s College in Vermont. She served on the board of the National Religious Vocation Conference
from 1990 to 1992.


    
    



 RSM was first
selected as a director in 2009 for her extensive executive experience with not for profit human services organizations and her
strong background in organizational ethics and human resources and personnel management. She has multiple advanced degrees and
will assist in developing the &ldquo;women executives&rdquo; of Medifast. As a result of her extensive management and human resources
background she was elected to the Nominations Committee where she will assist in screening and evaluating potential Director Candidates
and insure the corporate values related to diversity are implemented in the Company and on the Board.


 age 70
 is a
seasoned healthcare executive with more than 36 years of experience as a chief executive officer
 most recently at MedStar Health
in Columbia
 Maryland
 one of the largest and most comprehensive healthcare delivery systems in the mid-Atlantic region with annual
revenues exceeding $4 billion
 encompassing 25
000 employees 5
000 physicians and nine leading hospitals and other health related
businesses. Mr. McDaniel has a degree in Business Administration from Wittenberg University
 an MHA in Health Management and Policy
from the University of Michigan
 and an Honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters from Wittenberg University. He is presently Chair
and Partner in The Hickory Ridge Group
 an advisory
 development and investment company that focuses on emerging healthcare and
technology related entities. He is also a past member of the board of the Greater Baltimore Committee
 a member of the Executive
Committee of the Greater Washington Board of Trade
 Wittenberg University and is Chair of the Washington Real Estate Trust
 a
NYSE listed company.


in 2009 for his extensive executive and entrepreneurial experience as well as his service on other public boards. His extensive
management and board knowledge concerning the health care industry and health care policy will provide seasoned oversight on behalf
of shareholders. Because of his board related experience and leadership experience as a longstanding member of the Maryland Racing
Commission
 past Director of First Mariner Bank and former Chief Executive Officer of Medstar Health Systems
 he is serving on
the Executive and Audit Committees in order to bring his business acumen and organizational knowledge to the Company.


 age 46
 is
currently serving as Senior Vice President with the Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
 an Exelon Company. A Baltimore
 MD native
Ms. Mills earned her Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering from Virginia Polytechnic Institute &amp; State University
(Virginia Tech). In 2006
 Ms. Mills earned her Masters of Business Administration from Loyola College. Ms. Mills also works in
the community
 serving on the board of directors for Greater Baltimore Committee Leadership
 the Leadership (a program of the
Greater Baltimore Committee)
 the Baltimore Polytechnic Institute Foundation
 Inc.
 the Esophageal Cancer Action Network
 and
the Center Club.


in 2008 not only for her technical background but primarily for her high level of executive experience. Her service as Chairperson
of the Compensation Committee has effectively utilized her talents to review and assess the operations and metrics used to evaluate
key executives in the Company. She has been instrumental in providing guidance and direction to ensure that all executives maintain
the transparent high performance culture
 and entrepreneurial philosophy of executive compensation balanced with appropriate risk
assessment analysis.

Jerry D. Reece
 
 is Chief
Executive Officer of Reece &amp; Nichols
 a Berkshire Hathaway Affiliate. The company is involved in residential and commercial
real estate brokerage
 mortgage origination
 title insurance and insurance. He has been the chief executive officer since 2011.
The real estate arm of the company is the largest real estate brokerage in Greater Kansas City. With over 40 years experience
in real estate
 Mr. Reece formed J.D. Reece Realtors in early 1987. He sold the company in 2001 to Homeservices of America
 Inc.
After graduating from the University of Oregon in 1963 with a B.S. in Finance
 Jerry Reece joined the United States Marine Corps
and served in Hawaii and Vietnam as a first lieutenant. Following active duty
 he continued his service in the Marine Corps Reserve.
His various assignments included the command of a rifle battalion and service as a member of the Secretary of the Navy's Marine
Corps Reserve Policy Board at the Pentagon. Retired with the rank of Colonel
 he is a past member of the board of directors of
the Marine Toys for Tots Foundation. His personal decorations include the Legion of Merit
 the Navy Commendation Medal with Combat
&quot;V&quot; and the Combat Action Ribbon. Mr. Reece was an Advisory Board Member of Commerce Bank
 K.C.
 from 2003 to 2011.


director in 2009 for his executive
 entrepreneurial and broad real estate expertise. Additional specific skills include experience
in sales and marketing
 finance
 compensation
 and recruiting. He is a leader in his community in Kansas City and has served on
many for profit and nonprofit boards.

Donald F. Reilly
 
 age 65
holds a Doctorate in Ministry (Counseling) from New York Theological and an M.A. from Washington Theological Union as well as
a B.A. from Villanova University. Reverend Don Reilly was ordained a priest in 1974. His assignments included Associate Pastor
Pastor at St. Denis
 Havertown
 Pennsylvania
 Staff at Villanova University
 Personnel Director of the Augustinian Province of
St. Thomas of Villanova
 Provincial Counselor
 Co-Founder of SILOAM Ministries where he ministers and counsels HIV/AIDS patients
and caregivers. He is currently on the board of directors of Villanova University. He also serves on the board of trustees of
Merrimack College
 MA
 St. Augustine Prep
 NJ
 and Malvern Prep
 PA. Fr. Reilly was Prior Provincial of the Augustinian Order
at Villanova
 PA from 2002 to 2010. He oversaw more than 220 Augustinian Friars and their service to the Church
 teaching at universities
and high schools
 ministering to parishes
 serving as chaplain in the Armed Forces and hospitals
 ministering to AIDS victims
and serving missions in Japan
 Peru
 and South Africa. Fr. Reilly is currently the President of St. Augustine Preparatory School
in Richland
 New Jersey.


 OSA was first
selected as a director in 1998 for his strong background in personnel and executive management with the Augustinian Community
which serves the Catholic Church at Villanova University
 Merrimack College
 high schools
 parishes and missions in Japan
 South
Africa and Peru. His current selection as director utilizes his extensive knowledge of the Company serving as a Director and participating
in the restructuring of the company in 1999. He was also instrumental in developing the current business model in consultation
with the Business School at Villanova University. As Chairman of the Nominations committee and nationally known academic holding
a Ph.D
 he has been an invaluable asset providing guidance to the company and creating shareholder value. He also is the primary
person on the Nomination Committee to identify and evaluate potential Director Candidates for character necessary to perform high
performance
 risk assessment and be transparent which are desirable characteristics for all potential directors. This will ensure
continuity in respect to the company&rsquo;s corporate governance practices and philosophy.


    
    







to risk management. We believe risk can arise in every decision and action taken by the Company
 whether strategic or operational.
The Company
 therefore
 seeks to include risk management principles in all of its management processes and in the responsibilities
of its employees at every level. Our comprehensive approach is reflected in the reporting processes by which our management provides
timely and comprehensive information to the Board to support the Board&rsquo;s role in oversight
 approval and decision-making.


the information it receives from management and provides oversight and guidance to our management team concerning the assessment
and management of risk. The Board approves the Company&rsquo;s high level goals
 strategies and policies to set the tone and direction
for appropriate risk taking within the business. The Board and its committees then emphasize this tone and direction in its oversight
of management&rsquo;s implementation of the Company&rsquo;s goals
 strategies and policies.


and its committees with regular updates about the Company&rsquo;s strategies and objectives and the risks inherent within them
at Board and committee meetings and in regular reports. Board and committee meetings also provide a venue for directors to discuss
issues with management. The Board and committees call special meetings when necessary to address specific issues. In addition
our directors have access to Company management at all levels to discuss any matters of interest
 including those related to risk.
Those members of management most knowledgeable of the issues attend Board meetings to provide additional insight into items being
discussed
 including risk exposures.


matters involving certain specific areas of risk exposure to its three committees. Each committee reports to the Board of Directors
at regularly scheduled Board meetings
 and more frequently if appropriate
 with respect to the matters and risks for which the
committee provides oversight.


of our financial statements
 reporting process and internal controls
 the internal audit function
 the independent auditors&rsquo;
qualifications
 independence and performance
 and the Company&rsquo;s corporate finance matters including its capital structure.
The Audit Committee also provides oversight with respect to the Company&rsquo;s risk management process
 including
 as required
by the NYSE
 discussing with management the Company&rsquo;s significant financial risk exposures
 steps management has taken to
monitor
 control and report such exposures and our policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management.


primarily for the design and oversight of the Company&rsquo;s executive compensation policies
 plans and practices. A key objective
of the Compensation Committee is to ensure that the Company&rsquo;s overall executive compensation program appropriately links
pay to performance and aligns the interests of the Company&rsquo;s executives with its stockholders without encouraging unnecessary
risk. In furtherance of this objective
 the Compensation Committee evaluates the potential compensation payable under the Company&rsquo;s
executive compensation plans based on alternative performance scenarios. The Compensation Committee also monitors the design and
administration of the Company&rsquo;s overall incentive compensation programs to ensure that they include appropriate safeguards
to avoid encouraging unnecessary or excessive risk taking by Company employees. Elements of our executive compensation program
that mitigate excessive risk taking
 such as our combination of short and long-term incentives are described below under &ldquo;Compensation
Discussion and Analysis.&rdquo;


Committee oversees risks related to our corporate governance
 including Board and director performance
 director succession
 director
education and the Company&rsquo;s Corporate Governance Guidelines and other governance documents. The Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee also oversees the Company&rsquo;s quality and regulatory affairs operations and the Company&rsquo;s programs
regarding ethics and compliance
 and social and environmental responsibility.


and governance guidelines
 the rules of the NYSE
 and the Chairman of the Board
 the Nominations Committee along with the consent
of the Board of Directors determines the best committee structure for Medifast. The Board elects the Officers of the Company.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions



has established a policy and certain procedures that must be followed prior to any transaction
 arrangement or relationship or
series of similar transactions
 arrangements or relationships
 including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness
 with a
related party. Under this policy
 the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee monitors and reviews issues involving potential
conflicts of interest involving officers and directors of the Company
 including reviewing all related party transactions.




 2013
 the Board consists
of 12 members. During the first fiscal year ended December 31
 2012
 there were 9 non-management directors. Determination as to
the qualifications of an independent directors are determined under section&nbsp;303A.02 of the New York Stock Exchange
 or the
NYSE
 Listed Company Manual and the Company&rsquo;s Categorical Standards of Independence. The NYSE&rsquo;s independence guidelines
and the Company&rsquo;s categorical standards include a series of objective tests
 such as the director is not an employee of
the Company and has not engaged in various types of business dealings involving the Company
 which would prevent a director from
being independent. The Board of Directors has affirmatively determined that none of the Company&rsquo;s independent directors
had any relationships with the Company.


 in applying the above referenced
standards
 has affirmatively determined the Company&rsquo;s current independent directors are: Harvey C. Barnum
 Jr.
 Barry B.
Bondroff
 Charles P. Connolly
 George J. Lavin
 Jr. Esq.
 Catherine T. Maguire
 John P. McDaniel
 Jeannette M. Mills
 Jerry D.
Reece
 and Donald F. Reilly.


    
    





2012 (&ldquo;Fiscal 2011&rdquo;)
meetings. All Board members
attended at least 75% of the aggregate number of Board meetings and applicable committee meetings held while such individuals
were serving on the Board of Directors
 or such committees. Under the Company&rsquo;s
which is available on the Company&rsquo;s website
 by following the link through &ldquo;Investor
Relations&rdquo; to &ldquo;Corporate Governance
&rdquo; each director is expected to dedicate sufficient time
 energy and attention
to ensure the diligent performance of his or her duties
 including attending meetings of the shareholders of the Company
 the
Board of Directors and committees of which he or she is a member. Four directors attended the 2012 annual shareholder meeting.

Codes of Business Conduct and Ethics and Corporate Governance
Guidelines


Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to our directors
 officers
 including our principal executive officer
 principal
financial officer and principal accounting officer
 and employees
 as well as Corporate Governance Guidelines
 in accordance with
applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the NYSE. Each of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Corporate Governance
 by following the links through &ldquo;Investor Relations&rdquo;
to &ldquo;Corporate Governance.&rdquo;


 or waiver from
 a provision
of the Company&rsquo;s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics with respect to the Company&rsquo;s principal executive officer
 principal
financial officer
 principal accounting officer or controller will be posted on the Company&rsquo;s website





audit committee
 nominating and corporate governance committee
 compensation committee
 and executive committee.




P. Connolly
 Chairperson
 Barry B. Bondroff
 George J. Lavin
 Jr. Esq.
 and John P. McDaniel each of whom are independent as discussed
above under &ldquo;Director Independence.&rdquo; As required by Rule&nbsp;303A.07 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual
 the Board
of Directors has affirmatively determined that each audit committee member is financially literate
 and that Mr.&nbsp;Connolly
is an &ldquo;audit committee financial expert
&rdquo; as defined in Item&nbsp;407(d)(5) of Regulation&nbsp;S-K.


of the audit committee are as follows:


have
                                                                                                                the sole authority
                                                                                                                and responsibility
                                                                                                                to hire
 evaluate
                                                                                                                and
 where appropriate
                                                                                                                replace the independent
                                                                                                                auditors;


meet
                                                                                                                and review with
                                                                                                                management and
                                                                                                                the independent
                                                                                                                auditors the interim
                                                                                                                financial statements
                                                                                                                and the Company&rsquo;s
                                                                                                                disclosures under
                                                                                                                Management&rsquo;s
                                                                                                                Discussion and
                                                                                                                Analysis of Financial
                                                                                                                Condition and
                                                                                                                Results of Operations
                                                                                                                prior to the filing
                                                                                                                of the Company&rsquo;s
                                                                                                                Quarterly Reports
                                                                                                                on Form&nbsp;10-Q;


meet
                                                                                                                and review with
                                                                                                                management and
                                                                                                                the independent
                                                                                                                auditors the financial
                                                                                                                statements to
                                                                                                                be included in
                                                                                                                the Company&rsquo;s
                                                                                                                Annual Report
                                                                                                                on Form&nbsp;10-K
                                                                                                                (or the annual
                                                                                                                report to shareholders)
                                                                                                                including (i)&nbsp;their
                                                                                                                judgment about
                                                                                                                the quality
 not
                                                                                                                just acceptability
                                                                                                                of the Company&rsquo;s
                                                                                                                accounting principles
                                                                                                                including significant
                                                                                                                financial reporting
                                                                                                                issues and judgments
                                                                                                                made in connection
                                                                                                                with the preparation
                                                                                                                of the financial
                                                                                                                statements; (ii)&nbsp;the
                                                                                                                clarity of the
                                                                                                                disclosures in
                                                                                                                the financial
                                                                                                                statements; and
                                                                                                                (iii)&nbsp;the
                                                                                                                Company&rsquo;s
                                                                                                                disclosures under
                                                                                                                Management&rsquo;s
                                                                                                                Discussion and
                                                                                                                Analysis of Financial
                                                                                                                Condition and
                                                                                                                Results of Operations
                                                                                                                including critical
                                                                                                                accounting policies;


review
                                                                                                                and discuss with
                                                                                                                management
 the
                                                                                                                internal auditors
                                                                                                                and the independent
                                                                                                                auditors the Company&rsquo;s
                                                                                                                policies with
                                                                                                                respect to risk
                                                                                                                assessment and
                                                                                                                risk management;


review
                                                                                                                and discuss with
                                                                                                                management
 the
                                                                                                                internal auditors
                                                                                                                and the independent
                                                                                                                auditors the Company&rsquo;s
                                                                                                                internal controls
                                                                                                                the results of
                                                                                                                the internal audit
                                                                                                                program
 the Company&rsquo;s
                                                                                                                disclosure controls
                                                                                                                and procedures
                                                                                                                and quarterly
                                                                                                                assessment of
                                                                                                                such controls
                                                                                                                and procedures;


establish
                                                                                                                procedures for
                                                                                                                handling complaints
                                                                                                                regarding accounting
                                                                                                                internal accounting
                                                                                                                controls and auditing
                                                                                                                matters
 including
                                                                                                                procedures for
                                                                                                                confidential
                                                                                                                anonymous submission
                                                                                                                of concerns by
                                                                                                                employees regarding
                                                                                                                accounting and
                                                                                                                auditing matters;


review
                                                                                                                and discuss with
                                                                                                                management
 the
                                                                                                                internal auditors
                                                                                                                and the independent
                                                                                                                auditors the overall
                                                                                                                adequacy and effectiveness
                                                                                                                of the Company&rsquo;s
                                                                                                                legal
 regulatory
                                                                                                                and ethical compliance
                                                                                                                programs
 and


audit
                                                                                                                committee chairman
                                                                                                                is the designated
                                                                                                                recipient for
                                                                                                                all calls received
                                                                                                                by the Company&rsquo;s
                                                                                                                hotline under
                                                                                                                Company Whistleblower
                                                                                                                Policy.

Our Board
www.choosemedifast.com
by following the links through &ldquo;Investor Relations&rdquo; to &ldquo;Corporate Governance.&rdquo; In fiscal 2012
the audit committee met six




F. Reilly
 OSA
 Chairperson
 Catherine T. Maguire
 RSM
 and Harvey C. Barnum
 Jr.
 all of whom are independent as discussed above
under &ldquo;Director Independence.&rdquo; The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee identifies and recommends to the
Board of Directors qualified candidates for election as Directors
 recommends Director Committee assignments
 and recommends actions
necessary for the proper governance of Medifast
 Inc.
 and for the evaluation of the performance of the Board of Directors and
Chief Executive Officer. With input from the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
 the Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee recommends certain executive officers for annual election. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee reviews
issues and developments related to corporate governance practices and makes recommendations to the Board of Directors on changes
in structure
 rule or practice necessary for compliance and for good corporate governance. The Nominations committee has been
tasked to assist the Chairman in selecting the most qualified and appropriate directors to serve on the Company&rsquo;s separate
Board committees.


    
    



Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter provides that the skills and characteristics required generally of Directors
include diversity
 age
 business background and experience
 accomplishments
 experiences in Medifast
 Inc.&rsquo;s business and
a willingness to make the requisite commitment of time and effort. Accordingly
 the Board of Directors has not set minimum standards
for Director candidates. Rather
 it seeks highly qualified individuals with diverse backgrounds
 business and life experiences
that will enable them to constructively review and guide management of the Company. Medifast
 Inc. has successfully obtained diverse
highly qualified candidates for Directors without utilizing a paid outside consultant. The Corporate Governance Committee considers
and evaluates potential Director candidates and makes its recommendations to the full Board of Directors. Any shareholder may
submit a recommendation for nomination to the Board of Directors by sending a written statement of the qualifications of the recommended
individual to the Corporate Secretary
 Medifast
 Inc.
 11445 Cronhill Dr.
 Owings Mills
 Maryland 21117. The Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee will utilize the same process for evaluating all nominees
 regardless of whether the nominee recommendation
is submitted by a shareholder or some other source.


wishes to nominate a candidate for election to the Board of Directors
 in order for the nomination to be properly made the shareholder
must give written notice to the Corporate Secretary of Medifast
 Inc. Notice must be received at Medifast
 Inc.&rsquo;s principal
executive offices at least 90&nbsp;days before the date that is one year after the prior year&rsquo;s annual shareholder regular
meeting. The notice must set forth: (i)&nbsp;the name and address of the shareholder who intends to make the nomination and of
the nominee or nominees
 (ii)&nbsp;a representation that the shareholder is a holder of record of shares of Medifast
 Inc. entitled
to vote at the meeting and that the shareholder intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the person
or persons specified in the notice
 (iii)&nbsp;a description of all arrangements or understanding between the shareholder and
each nominee and any other person or persons (naming such person or persons) pursuant to which the nomination or nominations are
to be made by the shareholder
 (iv)&nbsp;such other information regarding each nominee proposed by the shareholder as would have
been required to be included in a proxy statement filed pursuant to the proxy rules of the SEC and the Company Bylaws had each
nominee been nominated
 or intended to be nominated
 by the Board of Directors
 and (v)&nbsp;the consent of each nominee to serve
as a Director of Medifast
 Inc. if so elected.


a written charter for the nominating and corporate governance committee
by
following the links through &ldquo;Investor Relations&rdquo; to &ldquo;Corporate Governance&rdquo; or in print to any
shareholder who requests it as set forth under &ldquo;Additional Information&nbsp;&mdash; Annual Report
 Financial
and Additional Information.&rdquo; In fiscal 2012
 the nominating and corporate governance committee did not formally
meet.




of Jeannette M. Mills
 Chairperson
 Harvey C. &ldquo;Barney&rdquo; Barnum
 Jr. and Jerry D. Reece
 all of whom are independent
as discussed above under &ldquo;&mdash;&nbsp;Director Independence.&rdquo;


committee are as follows:


measure
                                                                                                            the Chairman/Chief
                                                                                                            Executive Officer&rsquo;s
                                                                                                            performance against
                                                                                                            his goals and objectives
                                                                                                            pursuant to the Company
                                                                                                            plans;


determine
                                                                                                            the compensation of
                                                                                                            the Chairman/Chief
                                                                                                            Executive Officer
                                                                                                            after considering
                                                                                                            the evaluation by
                                                                                                            the Board of Directors
                                                                                                            of his performance;


review
                                                                                                            and approve compensation
                                                                                                            of elected officers
                                                                                                            and all senior executives
                                                                                                            based on their evaluations
                                                                                                            taking into account
                                                                                                            the evaluation by
                                                                                                            the Chairman/Chief
                                                                                                            Executive Officer;


review
                                                                                                            and approve any employment
                                                                                                            agreements
 severance
                                                                                                            arrangements
 retirement
                                                                                                            arrangements
 change
                                                                                                            in control agreements/provisions
                                                                                                            and any special or
                                                                                                            supplemental benefits
                                                                                                            for each elected officer
                                                                                                            and senior executive
                                                                                                            of the Company;


approve
                                                                                                            modify or amend all
                                                                                                            non-equity plans designed
                                                                                                            and intended to provide
                                                                                                            compensation primarily
                                                                                                            for elected officers
                                                                                                            and senior executives
                                                                                                            of the Company;


make recommendations
                                                                                                            to the Board regarding
                                                                                                            adoption of equity
                                                                                                            plans;


modify or amend
                                                                                                            all equity plans;
                                                                                                            and


review
                                                                                                            the executive compensation
                                                                                                            philosophy of the
                                                                                                            Company
 assess any
                                                                                                            risks which may be
                                                                                                            reasonably deemed
                                                                                                            material to the Company
                                                                                                            and recommend to the
                                                                                                            Board any changes
                                                                                                            deemed necessary to
                                                                                                            the Company executive
                                                                                                            compensation plan
                                                                                                            or any sales channel
                                                                                                            compensation plan.

Our Board
of Directors has adopted a written charter for the compensation committee which is available on the Company&rsquo;s website at
by following the links through &ldquo;Investor Relations&rdquo;
to &ldquo;Corporate Governance.&rdquo; In fiscal 2012
 the Compensation Committee met four times.




 Chairperson
 Barry
B. Bondroff
 Jason L. Groves
 Jeannette M. Mills
 and Margaret E. Sheetz are members of the executive committee. The executive
committee has all the authority of the Board of Directors
 except with respect to certain matters that by statute may not be delegated
by the Board of Directors. The executive committee meets periodically during the year to develop and review strategic operational
and management policies for the Company. The executive committee did not meet in Fiscal 2012.


    
    



24
 2008 approved restricted common stock grants to Board members with a 5 year vesting period
 beginning on the grant date. The
grant was to tenured Board members that successfully implemented the Senior Management Succession Plan over the last four years
through advice
 counsel
 and mentorship. A total of 55
000 shares of restricted common stock were granted to tenured Directors.






requires the Company&rsquo;s directors and executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of a registered
class of the Company&rsquo;s equity securities to file with the SEC and the NYSE initial reports of ownership and reports of changes
in ownership of equity securities of the Company. Directors
 officers and greater-than-ten-percent beneficial owners are required
by SEC regulations to furnish the Company with copies of all Section&nbsp;16(a) forms filed by them. In 2012
 to the Company&rsquo;s
knowledge
 based solely on a review of the copies of such filings on file with the Company and written representations from the
Company&rsquo;s directors and executive officers for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2012
 we have identified late filings
due to an administrative error
 for the required Form 4 for the grant of Company shares as part of the director&rsquo;s annual
share-based compensation on March 31
 2012
 for Mr. Barnum
 Mr. Bondroff
 Mr. Connolly
 Mr. Lavin
 Sr. Maguire
 Mr. McDaniel
Ms. Mills and Mr. Reece. In addition
 a Form 4 for the grant of 5
000 shares to Mr. Connolly in May 2009 was filed late due to
an administrative oversight
 as was a Form 4 for the grant of 60
000 shares to Mr. MacDonald on October 31
 2011.








Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible for developing and recommending to the Board of Directors the executive compensation
program for all named executive officers: (referred to in this section as the &ldquo;executive officers&rdquo;). Each of these
executive officers is included in the Summary Compensation Table and the related tables beginning on page 49.


for the creation and periodic review of the overall executive compensation philosophy of the Company related analysis and assessment
of any material risk to the Company related thereto
 and outlines the components of executive compensation for the executive officers.
The Company believes that strong
 effective leadership is the cornerstone of its continued growth and success. To be successful
the Company must be able to attract
 retain
 and motivate highly qualified executive officers with the competencies needed to
excel in a rapidly changing marketplace and to understand issues relating to a diverse group of companies in several different
industries.


at Medifast is focused on executive performance keyed to results. The Company provides fair and equitable compensation to its
executive officers by combining conservative base pay
 annual cash incentive
 and stock-based long-term incentive. The Executive
Cash Bonus Plan is designed to reward executives for the Company&rsquo;s current year financial success and recognize the responsibilities
of the executive officers for meeting the Company&rsquo;s financial performance goals. Stock-based incentives focus on long-term
performance by aligning the executive officers&rsquo; long-term financial interests with Company&rsquo;s shareholders&rsquo; interest.


base pay
 annual cash incentive and stock-based long-term incentive is measured against organizations in the general weight-loss
industry. In general
 there are different kinds of diet products and programs within the weight loss industry. These include a
wide variety of commercial weight loss programs
 pharmaceutical products
 weight loss books
 self-help diets
 dietary supplements
appetite suppressants and meal replacement shakes and bars. Some of our competitors are substantially larger than we are
 and
have considerably greater financial resources than we have. Our ability to remain competitive depends
 in significant part
 on
our success in recruiting and retaining executive leadership with an attractive compensation package. The Company targets total
direct compensation for each executive officer near median for organizations in the general weight-loss industry. The mix of pay
(base pay
 annual cash incentive and long-term incentive) is designed to reflect a strong bias towards pay for performance by
placing a majority of target compensation at risk. The only element of total direct compensation that is not performance based
is base pay. Both annual cash incentive and long-term incentive are performance based.

Elements of Executive Compensation





reflect the skills and performance levels of individual executives
 the needs of the Company
 and pay practices of comparable
public companies within the general health and wellness diet industry. Medifast&rsquo;s identified peers in the general health
and wellness diet industry are NutriSystem Inc.
 Nutraceutical
 Inc.
 Herbalife Ltd.
 USANA Health Sciences
 and Weight Watchers
International Inc. It is not our policy to pay our executive officers at the highest base salary level. Instead
 we establish
executive base salaries below the midpoint level relative to our peers. We believe this policy sets a prudent and fiscally responsible
tone for the Company&rsquo;s overall base salary compensation programs. Please refer to the discussion below under &ldquo;Peer
Group&rdquo; for a more detailed discussion of our use of peer group and general industry revenue data.




financial performance and achievement of corporate objectives established by our Board prior to the fiscal year. The executive
bonus plan is designed to reward our executive officers for the achievement of shorter-term financial goals
 predominantly revenue
growth
 profitability
 and cash flow. In consultation with the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 the Compensation Committee
evaluates
 adjusts and approves the amount and allocation of the bonus pool to each executive officer. In determining the cash
bonus allocation among senior executives
 the Compensation Committee and the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer consider each
executive&rsquo;s 1) contribution to current and long-term corporate goals
 and 2) value in the labor market.


    
    



targets for annual cash incentive are premised upon the executive officers delivering on their financial performance projections
to Medifast
 Inc. as reflected in part
 in the annual budget approved by the Board of Directors. In 2011 targeted annual incentive
compensation was tied to the annual budget approved by the Board of Directors. The Compensation Committee set the target for pre-tax
profit as a percentage of sales at 10%
 the target for corporate revenue at $310 million
 and net increase in cash
 cash equivalents
and investments at $15.5 million
 excluding treasury stock repurchases. The target performance level is set to promote solid performance.
The financial targets for annual cash incentive are divided into three components as follows:



                                                                       Each executive officer receives 30% of the total target
                                                                       payout if the Company achieves $330.8 million in net revenue
                                                                       an increase of 11% over 2011 net revenue of $298.2 million
                                                                       and additional increments for performance levels above
                                                                       the target.


30%
                                                                       of the total target payout is paid to each executive officer
                                                                       if after-tax profit as a percentage of net revenue is 6.4%
                                                                       compared to 6.2% after-tax profits in 2011
 and additional
                                                                       increments for performance above the target.


If SG&amp;A
                                                                       expenses as a percent of sales are 66.0%
 a reduction of
                                                                       0.1% in total SG&amp;A expenses as a percentage of net
                                                                       revenue compared to 2011
 each executive officer receives
                                                                       30% of the total target payout and additional increments
                                                                       for performance above the target.


Cash
                                                                       Flow: 
                                                                       target payout if free cash flow is $17.0 million and additional
                                                                       increments if total adjusted cash generated is above the
                                                                       target. Cash flow is defined as total cash generated adjusted
                                                                       for repurchase of treasury stock or adjustments from/to
                                                                       investment accounts. 




and restricted stock awards principally reflect the responsibilities to be assumed by each executive in the upcoming fiscal year
the responsibilities of each executive in prior periods
 the size of awards made to each executive in prior years relative to
the Company&rsquo;s overall performance
 available stock for issuance under share plans
 and potential grants in future years.
The compensation committee believes that stock option and restricted stock grants (1)&nbsp;align the interests of executives with
long-term stockholder interests as the grants vest within 6 years
 (2)&nbsp;give executives a significant
 long-term interest
in the Company&rsquo;s success
 and (3)&nbsp;help retain key executives in a competitive market for executive talent. The restricted
stock awards reward the continuity of service of the executive officers since the restricted stock awards vest up to 6 years and
unvested
 restricted stock is forfeited upon voluntary termination. In addition
 the value of shares awarded increase or decrease
with the value provided to shareholders.


Share Incentive Plan was approved by the Company&rsquo;s shareholders. As of March 15
 2013
 no shares have been issued under
the 2012 Share Incentive Plan.




ownership requirement for our executives. However
 we encourage our executives to own equity in the Company on a voluntary basis.
All of our executive officers own stock
 restricted stock and vested and unvested stock options. We periodically review the vested
and unvested equity holdings of our executives and evaluate whether these holdings sufficiently align the interests of our executives
with the long-term interests of our stockholders. We may consider adopting equity ownership requirements in the future.




cash and equity compensation to our senior executives in support of our objective to assemble and maintain a high performing management
team. Our current level of compensation for our executive officers was compared to compensation paid by an industry peer group
approved by the Committee. The criteria used to identify the peer group were: (1) industry &mdash; we compete for talent with
other healthy living and wellness companies and general weight-loss industry companies of similar and larger size; and (2) financial
scope &mdash; our management talent should be compensated similar to that of companies of a similar and larger size in terms of
revenues.


 the peer group was comprised
of five corporations listed above in &ldquo;Elements of Executive Compensation &ndash; Base Salary&rdquo;. The peer group revenue
range is from $401 million to $3.5 billion with a median revenue of $1.7 billion for 2011. The peer group revenue percent change
ranged from a decline of 21.2% to an increase of 26.3%
 with a median revenue increase of 13.4% in 2012.

Advisory Vote on the Company&rsquo;s
Executive Officers&rsquo; Compensation


 we provided our
shareowners with the opportunity to cast an advisory vote regarding the compensation of our executive officers as disclosed in
the proxy statement for the 2011 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. At our 2011&nbsp;annual&nbsp;meeting
 our stockholders overwhelmingly
approved the proposal
 with more than&nbsp;97% of the votes cast voting in favor of the proposal. We also asked our shareowners
to indicate if we should hold a&nbsp;&quot;say-on-pay&quot; vote every&nbsp;one
 two or three years. Consistent with the recommendation
of our&nbsp;board of&nbsp;directors
 our shareowners indicated by advisory vote their preference to hold a say-on-pay vote every
three years. After consideration of the 2011 voting results
 and based upon its prior recommendation
 our&nbsp;board of&nbsp;directors

committee evaluated the Company&rsquo;s compensation practices throughout Fiscal 2012
 the compensation committee was mindful
of the strong support our stockholders expressed by the 2011 shareholder advisory vote. Going forward
 future advisory votes on

in evaluating the alignment of the Company&rsquo;s executive compensation program with the interests of the Company and its stockholders.


    
    





Fiscal 2012
 or has ever been an officer of Medifast or its subsidiaries. No executive officer of Medifast has served as a director
or a member of the Compensation Committee of another company whose executive officers are also members of Medifast&rsquo;s Board
of Directors or Compensation Committee.




certain Compensation Discussion and Analysis provisions to be included in this Form 10-K. Based on the review and discussions
referred to above
 we recommend to the Board of Directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis referred to above be included
on the Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31
 2012.




 Chairman






Inc. receive an annual stock grant for their services as director. In Fiscal 2012
 each director received 500 shares of restricted
stock
 with the exception of the Vice-Chairman of the Board
 Barry Bondroff whom received 600 shares. In Fiscal 2012
 Directors
received a meeting fee for attending either quarterly committee or Board of Director meetings. The Committee fees and Board of
Director meeting fees may be received in cash or converted to Medifast stock at a 125% premium based on each Board members election.
For additional committee meetings or board service
 Directors receive $1
500 per day or a pro rata portion thereof. Employee Directors
do not receive any additional compensation for their services as director.




paid by the Company to non-employee directors for Fiscal 2012.



    
    
    
    

    
    
33
733
34
389

    
9
281
35
479
44
760

    
10
500
68
971
79
471


 Jr.
 Esq.
1
969
53
973
55
942

    
9
094
19
974
29
068

    
1
594
33
733
35
327

    
    
38
726
39
007

    
    
31
236
31
330


 OSA (2)
20
094
40
480
60
574




Amounts are calculated based on the aggregate grant date fair
                                                            value of these rewards computed in accordance with ASC Topic 718 &ldquo;Stock
                                                            Compensation&rdquo; which excludes the effect of estimated forfeitures.
                                                            The assumptions and methodologies used to calculate these amounts
                                                            are discussed in Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements in
                                                            this Annual Report on Form 10-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
                                                            Under generally accepted accounting principles
 compensation expense
                                                            with respect to stock awards and option awards granted to our employees
                                                            is recognized over the vesting periods of the applicable rewards.


In addition to stock awards listed in the &ldquo;2012 Director
                                                            Compensation Table&rdquo;
 Mr. Connolly and Mr. Lavin each hold 1
000
                                                            shares that have not vested as of December 31
 2012. Fr. Reilly holds
                                                            2
000 shares that have not vested as of December 31
 2012.




for the last three fiscal years of the Company&rsquo;s Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Operating Officer
and President
 the current Chief Financial Officer
 the Chief Financial Officer from 2010 &ndash; 2012
 the acting Chief Financial
Officers
 and the Executive Vice President
 Information Technology. In addition the following table includes annual and long term
compensation for the Company&rsquo;s former Chief Financial Officer and the two acting Chief Financial Officers who served in
that capacity in 2012. These individuals are collectively referred to as the Named Executive Officers.



    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
Incentive&nbsp;Plan
    
Pension&nbsp;Value
    &amp;
    &nbsp;Nonqualified 
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
344
231
577
500
550
880
    
    
    
1
321
1
473
932

    
    
35
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
35
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
247
115
485
761
1
100
600
    
    
    
6
083
1
839
559

Chief Operating Officer
 President
    
225
000
477
000
450
000
    
    
    
6
800
1
158
800

    
    
155
000
755
000
531
000
    
    
    
4
650
1
445
650

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
207
615
60
000
    
    
    
    
    
268
444

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
120
308
3
141
    
    
    
    
    
123
828

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
261
736
330
512
463
440
    
    
    
6
207
1
061
895

    
    
185
000
167
000
151
000
    
    
    
5
550
508
550

    
    
125
000
270
000
167
000
    
    
    
3
750
565
750

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
250
000
83
366
1
303
320
    
    
    
1
554
1
638
240

    
    
250
000
560
000
532
000
    
    
    
7
000
1
349
000

    
    
185
000
826
000
639
000
    
    
    
5
550
1
655
550

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
220
000
174
900
    
    
    
    
4
114
399
014

    
    
211
539
20
000
    
    
    
    
    
231
990

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



Amounts shown represent the aggregate grant date fair
value of the stock awards in the year indicated. For a discussion of the assumptions made in the valuation reflected in these
columns
 see Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The actual value that may
be realized from an award is contingent upon the satisfaction of the conditions to vesting in that award on the date the award
is vested. Thus
 there is no assurance that the value
 if any




Bonus amounts determined as more specifically discussed above
                                                               under &ldquo;&mdash;Compensation Discussion and Analysis&rdquo;.


The amounts represent the Company&rsquo;s matching contributions
                                                               under the 401(K) plan and contributions to group term life insurance
                                                               and health savings accounts.



Michael C. MacDonald was named Executive Chairman of the Board effective November
                                                               4
 2011 and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer on February 8
 2012.



Mr. Robinson was appointed Chief Financial Officer on February
                                                               1
 2013.



Mr. Powers was appointed acting Chief Financial Officer upon
                                                               Mr. Connors&rsquo; resignation on November 13
 2012. Mr. Powers
                                                               notified the Company on December 19
 2012 of his intent to resign
                                                               as acting Chief Financial Officer effective January 4
 2013 to
                                                               accept another job opportunity in the construction tool industry
                                                               in the greater Baltimore area.



Mr. Kelleman was appointed acting Chief Financial Officer on
                                                               December 19
 2012 and served in that capacity until February 1
                                                               2013 when the company appointed Timothy G. Robinson as Chief Financial
                                                               Officer.



Mr. Connors served as the Chief Financial Officer of Medifast
                                                               from May 2010 until his resignation on November 13
 2012.



On February 8
 2012
 Michael S. McDevitt departed as Chief
                                                               Executive Officer and resigned as Director of the Company.



Mr. Gould was appointed Executive Vice President- Information
                                                                Technology in January 2011.




stock grants effective October 31
 2011 to Michael C. MacDonald on the date of his appointment as Chairman of the Board of Directors.
He was granted 60
000 shares as an employee inducement which will vest in three equal annual installments of 20
000 shares beginning
on October 31
 2012.


7
 2009 approved restricted common stock grants to key executives and Board members with a 5-year vesting period
 beginning on
the grant date. Key executives were granted 460
000 shares of restricted common stock to retain their services over the next five
years and recognize continued sales and profit growth in accordance with targets set by the Board of Directors.


    
    



24
 2008 approved restricted common stock grants to key executives as a 2008 performance bonus for exceeding internal sales and
profit forecasts. Key executives were granted 150
000 shares of restricted common stock over a 5-year vesting period
 beginning
on January 1
 2009.


24
 2008 approved restricted common stock grants to the Named Executives Officers with a 5-year vesting period
 beginning on the
grant date. Named Executive Officers were granted 425
000 shares of restricted common stock to retain their services over the
next five years
 reward their efforts in the participation of the successful succession and transition of the Company operations
to the new senior management team
 and incentivize continued sales and profit growth in accordance with targets set by the Board
of Directors.





    
    
    
    

    
Number&nbsp;of
    
Number&nbsp;of
    
Equity
    Incentive 
Option
    
Number
&nbsp;of
                                                                                         Stock&nbsp;That 
Market
    Value&nbsp;
Equity
Shares
&nbsp;Units or
    rights
Equity
    Incentive
    Plan Awards: 
    Value&nbsp;of Unearned 
&nbsp;Units or
    Other&nbsp;rights That
    Have&nbsp;Not Vested
    

    
    
    
    
Price
    ($)
Vested
    (#)(1)(3)
    
    
    
    

Michael
    S. McDevitt former Chief Executive Officer
    
    
    
    
87
000
2
295
930
    
    
    

Margaret&nbsp;&nbsp;Sheetz
    Chief Operating Officer
 President
    
    
    
    
73
000
1
926
470
    
    
    

Michael
    C. MacDonald Chairman of the Board
    
    
    
    
42
000
1
108
380
    
    
    




    
The restricted stock grants vest over five and six years of service as
    described below under &ldquo;Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards&rdquo; 

    
    

    
The market value of shares of stock that have not vested is based on the closing price of
    our common stock on December 31
 2012
 or $26.39 per share.

    
    

    
Mr. McDevitt will vest 30
000 shares on July 24
 2013; 9
000 shares on November 21
 2013;
    24
000 shares on May 7
 2013; and 24
000 shares on May 7
 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;Ms. Sheetz will vest 25
000 shares on July 24
    2013; 8
000 shares on November 21
 2013; 20
000 shares on May 7
 2013; and 20
000 shares on May 7
 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr. MacDonald
    will vest 2
000 shares on July 24
 2013; 20
000 shares on October 31
 2013; and 20
000 shares on October 31
 2014.



    
    





exercises and stock vesting for the Named Executive Officers during 2012 and the resulting value realized.



    
    
    

    
    
Shares 
    
    
Acquired on
Vesting
    
Realized on&nbsp;
Vesting

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
33
333
564
994

    
    
    
30
000
607
200

    
    
    
24
000
435
120

    
    
    
9
000
261
000

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 President
    
    
25
000
423
750

    
    
    
25
000
506
000

    
    
    
20
000
362
600

    
    
    
8
000
232
000

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
000
84
750

    
    
    
10
000
202
400

    
    
    
8
000
145
040

    
    
    
4
000
116
000

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
000
40
480

    
    
    
20
000
510
400



Represents the difference between the exercise price and the
                                                               fair market value of the common stock on the date of exercise
                                                               multiplied by the number of options exercised.


Represents the number of restricted shares vested
 and the
                                                               number of shares vested multiplied by the fair market value of
                                                               the common stock on the vesting date.

Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants
of Plan-Based Awards

Michael
Mr. McDevitt entered into a six year employment
agreement effective February 8
 2006. The employment agreement expired in February 2012 and was not renewed. Beginning in February
2012
 Mr. McDevitt became a non-executive employee of the Company subject to the terms of a two-year employment agreement under
which he is paid a salary of $250
000 per year. Mr. McDevitt was granted 200
000 shares of Medifast
 Inc. restricted common stock
over a six year vesting period beginning on February 8
 2006 in consideration for his six year commitment and to align his interests
with the interests of long-term shareholders. Mr. McDevitt was granted 150
000 shares of common stock vesting over a five year
period on July 24
 2008; 45
000 shares of common stock vesting over a five year period on November 21
 2008; and 120
000 common
shares vesting over a five year period on May 7
 2009. Provided that he complies with the terms of his employment agreement
 Mr.
McDevitt will be eligible to receive unvested common stock grants as they vest. 

Ms. Sheetz entered
into a six year employment agreement effective February 8
 2006. The employment agreement expired in February 2012 and was not
renewed. Ms. Sheetz is presently an at will employee. Ms. Sheetz was granted 150
000 shares of Medifast
 Inc. restricted common
stock over a six year vesting period beginning on February 8
 2006 in consideration for her six year commitment and to align her
interests with the interests of long-term shareholders. Ms. Sheetz was granted 125
000 shares of common stock vesting over a five
year period on July 24
 2008; 40
000 shares of common stock vesting over a five year period on November 21
 2008; and 100
000
common shares vesting over a five year period on May 7
 2009.

 Mr. Connors
entered into a six year employment agreement effective February 8
 2006. The employment agreement expired in February 2012 and
was not renewed. Mr. Connors resigned as Chief Financial Officer on November 13
 2012. Mr. Connors was granted 30
000 shares of
Medifast
 Inc. restricted common stock over a six year vesting period beginning on February 8
 2006 in consideration for his six
year commitment and to align his interests with the interests of long-term shareholders. Mr. Connors was granted 50
000 shares
of common stock vesting over a five year period on July 24
 2008; 20
000 shares of common stock vesting over a five year period
on November 21
 2008; and 40
000 common shares vesting over a five year period on May 7
 2009. Upon his termination in 2012
 Mr.
Connors forfeited 8
000 unvested shares.


    
    


Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control



 2012
 the Company
had no change in control or other agreements which would provide payments to employees upon termination. No severance or other
termination payments were made under any of the employment agreements with the Named Executive Officers which expired in February
2012. Effective upon his employment as Chief Financial Officer on February 1
 2013
 in the event his employment is terminated
by the Company without cause
 Timothy G. Robinson is eligible for a payment equal to twelve months of his base salary and bonus
payable for the year in which his employment is terminated.

Compensation Polices
and Risk


 Inc. does not believe that
its compensation policies and practices create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on Medifast
Inc.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS


 2012
 the
amount and percentage of our outstanding common stock beneficially owned by each person who is known by us to beneficially own
more than 5% of our outstanding common stock.



    
    
    

New
York
 NY 10022&nbsp;
1
128
378
    


Malvern
 PA 19355
867
125
    



Based solely on information reported
                                                            on
 as amended Schedule 13G/A filed by BlackRock
 Inc. on February
                                                            8
 2013. As reported in such filing
 BlackRock
 Inc. has sole power
                                                            to vote or direct the vote with respect to 1
128
378 shares of the
                                                            Company&rsquo;s common stock.


Based solely on information reported
                                                            on Schedule 13G filed by The Vanguard Group
 Inc. on February 13
                                                            2013. As reported in such filing
 The Vanguard Group
 Inc. has sole
                                                            voting power with respect to 19
755 shares
 shared dispositive power
                                                            with respect to 18
555 shares and
 and sole dispositive power with
                                                            respect to 848
570 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock for
                                                            an aggregate beneficial ownership of 867
125 shares of the Company&rsquo;s
                                                            common stock.


 2013
 the amount
and percentage of our outstanding common stock beneficially owned (unless otherwise indicated) by each of our (i) directors and
nominees for director
 (ii) Named Executive Officers and (iii) our directors
 nominees for director and executive officers as
a group.



    
    
    
    
&nbsp;(%)

    
    
    
    

    
309
347
    
    

    
326
692
    
    


 CPA
141
450
    
    

    
57
766
    
    

    
92
656
    
    

    
48
325
    
    

    
24
114
    
    

    
10
929
    
    


 Jr.
 Esq.
22
891
    
    


 CPA
21
591
    
    

    
17
123
    
    

    
4
002
    
    

    
3
859
    
    

    
1
229
    
    

    
    
    
    


 nominees for directors and executive officers as a group:
1
081
974
    
    




    
    

    
Includes 62
697 shares that are pledged as collateral for loans.



    
    


ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND
RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE


 2012
 there were no
related party transactions. See page 44 of Item 10 for additional information under the headings &ldquo;Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions&rdquo; and &ldquo;Director Independence.&rdquo;

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES
AND SERVICES


 2012
and 2011
 from McGladrey LLP and RSM McGladrey
 Inc. (through November 30
 2011) for performing the following professional services
were:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
245
000
203
000

    
26
000
35
000

    
138
000
270
000

    
14
000
25
000

    
    
    

    
423
000
533
000




    
    
Audit fees consist of fees for professional services
        rendered for the audit of the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements included in the Company&rsquo;s Annual
        Report on Form&nbsp;10-K
 including the audit of internal controls required by Section&nbsp;404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
        Act of 2002
 and the review of financial statements included in the Company&rsquo;s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
 and
        for services that are normally provided by the auditor in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements.
        The Company&rsquo;s audit committee pre-approves all services and fees provided by the Company&rsquo;s principal accountant
        pursuant to the Company&rsquo;s audit committee charter. All professional services provided to the Company by the Company&rsquo;s
        principal accountant were pre-approved by the audit committee.
        

    
    
Audit-Related fees are for assurance
        services provided to audit the Company&rsquo;s employee benefit plan.
        

    
    
    



    
    




ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULES


of this report



    
    



Statements on page 56






 as all information required in these
schedules is included in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.






on page 75 of this Annual Report for a list of exhibits required by Item&nbsp;601 of Registration S-K to be filed as part of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K.


    
    



 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
    Firm
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity
    and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    
    




REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM



 Inc.


Inc. and subsidiaries (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 and the related consolidated statements of
income
 comprehensive income
 changes in stockholders&rsquo; equity and comprehensive income
 and cash flows for each of the three
years in the period ended December 31
 2012. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.


the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining
 on
a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the consolidated financial statements referred
to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Medifast
 Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31
2012 and 2011
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December
31
 2012
 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.


 in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31
 2012
Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission)
 and our report dated March 15
 2013 expressed an unqualified opinion on
the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.



    
    

    
    

Baltimore
 Maryland
    

March 15
 2013
    



    
    


MEDIFAST
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

As of December 31
 2012 and 2011



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
39
937
000
14
262
000


000 and $504
000
2
148
000
1
477
000

    
20
804
000
19
969
000

    
20
057
000
19
538
000


 prepaid
873
000
5
434
000

    
3
296
000
2
251
000

    
1
460
000
1
055
000

    
88
575
000
63
986
000

    
    
    


 plant and equipment - net
40
109
000
38
852
000

    
428
000
1
003
000

    
1
139
000
1
824
000

    
    
    

    
130
251
000
105
665
000

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
28
221
000
18
830
000

    
528
000
1
426
000

    
28
749
000
20
256
000

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of current portion
3
113
000
3
337
000


 net of current portion
696
000
914
000

    
6
907
000
7
756
000

    
39
465
000
32
263
000

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $.001 par value (1
500
000 authorized
 no shares issued and outstanding)
    
    


000
000 shares authorized; 15
525
955 and 15
510
185 issued; 13
767
380 and 13
596
021 issued and outstanding
16
000
16
000

    
40
191
000
36
076
000

    
553
000
396
000

    
76
534
000
60
658
000


608
908 and 1
458
908 shares of common stock in treasury
(26
508
000
(23
744
000

    
90
786
000
73
402
000

    
    
    

    
130
251
000
105
665
000



of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    


MEDIFAST
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Years Ended December 31
 2012
 2011
and 2010



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
356
706
000
298
189
000
257
552
000

    
88
671
000
73
693
000
65
083
000

    
268
035
000
224
496
000
192
469
000

    
    
    
    


 general
 and administration
244
773
000
197
114
000
160
829
000

    
    
    
    

    
23
262
000
27
382
000
31
640
000

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 net
301
000
319
000
274
000

    
895
000
(21
000
(222
000

    
1
196
000
298
000
52
000

    
    
    
    

    
24
458
000
27
680
000
31
692
000

    
8
582
000
9
139
000
12
081
000

    
    
    
    

    
15
876
000
18
541
000
19
611
000

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
13
721
997
13
965
018
14
082
213

    
13
739
824
14
198
495
14
572
921



of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    


MEDIFAST
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME
Years Ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and
2010



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
15
876
000
18
541
000
19
611
000


 net of tax
    
    
    


 net
157
000
156
000
81
000

    
157
000
156
000
81
000

    
    
    
    

    
16
033
000
18
697
000
19
692
000



of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    


MEDIFAST
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY


Years Ended December 31
 2012
 2011
and 2010



    
    
    Shares 
    Issued
    
    $0.001 
    Amount
    
    In Capital
    
    
other
    
comprehensive 
income
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2009
15
398
941
16
000
28
456
000
22
506
000
159
000
(3
320
000
47
817
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
5
660
    
150
000
    
    
    
150
000

    
    
    
2
528
000
    
    
    
2
528
000

    
10
000
    
34
000
    
    
    
34
000

    
    
    
1
770
000
    
    
    
1
770
000

    
16
500
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
(35
000
(35
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
19
611
000
    
    
19
611
000

Net
    change in unrealized gain on investments
    
    
    
    
81
000
    
81
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
19
692
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2010
15
431
101
16
000
32
938
000
42
117
000
240
000
(3
355
000
71
956
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
524
000
    
    
    
2
524
000

    
    
    
614
000
    
    
    
614
000

    
79
084
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
(20
389
000
(20
389
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
18
541
000
    
    
18
541
000

Net
    change in unrealized gain on investments
    
    
    
    
156
000
    
156
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
18
697
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2011
15
510
185
16
000
36
076
000
60
658
000
396
000
(23
744
000
73
402
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
850
000
    
    
    
2
850
000

    
    
    
1
265
000
    
    
    
1
265
000

    
15
770
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
(2
764
000
(2
764
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
15
876
000
    
    
15
876
000

Net change
    in unrealized gain on investments
    
    
    
    
157
000
    
157
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
16
033
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2012
15
525
955
16
000
40
191
000
76
534
000
553
000
(26
508
000
90
786
000



of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    


MEDIFAST
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Years ended December 31




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
15
876
000
18
541
000
19
611
000

    
    
    
    

    
11
205
000
8
344
000
5
859
000


 net
2
000
207
000
205
000

    
    
    
50
000

    
2
850
000
2
524
000
2
628
000

    
(1
337
000
6
015
000
(70
000

    
117
000
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(671
000
(854
000
53
000

    
(835
000
(435
000
(8
302
000

    
(1
045
000
(143
000
1
639
000

    
150
000
(971
000
138
000

    
9
391
000
3
810
000
7
302
000

    
4
561
000
(2
168
000
(344
000

    
40
264
000
34
870
000
28
769
000

    
    
    
    

    
8
109
000
8
064
000
5
487
000

    
(8
390
000
(10
278
000
(16
973
000

    
(11
383
000
(14
273
000
(12
055
000

    
    
(387
000
    

    
(11
664
000
(16
874
000
(23
541
000

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
34
000

    
    
    
393
000

    
(1
444
000
(1
136
000
(834
000

    
18
000
12
000
5
000

    
1
265
000
614
000
1
770
000

    
(2
764
000
(20
389
000
(35
000

    
(2
925
000
(20
899
000
1
333
000

    
    
    
    

    
25
675
000
(2
903
000
6
561
000

    
14
262
000
17
165
000
10
604
000

    
39
937
000
14
262
000
17
165
000

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
123
000
96
000
111
000

    
4
093
000
4
125
000
10
677
000

    
    
    
    

    
104
000
1
014
000
    



of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    


Medifast
 Inc. and Subsidiaries

For the Years Ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010




 Inc. (the &quot;Company&rdquo;
or &ldquo;Medifast&rdquo;) is a Delaware corporation
 incorporated in 1989. The Company&rsquo;s operations are primarily conducted
through six of its wholly owned subsidiaries
 Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc. (&quot;Jason&quot;)
 Take Shape for Life
 Inc. (&ldquo;TSFL&rdquo;)
Jason Enterprises
 Inc.
 Jason Properties
 LLC
 Medifast Franchise Systems
 and Seven Crondall
 LLC. The Company is engaged in
the production
 distribution
 and sale of weight management and disease management products and other consumable health and diet
products. Medifast
 Inc.&rsquo;s product lines include weight and disease management
 and meal replacement products manufactured
in a modern
 FDA approved facility in Owings Mills
 Maryland.


and distribution of Medifast branded and private-label weight and disease management products. These products are sold through
various channels of distribution
 including the internet
 call center
 independent health advisors
 medical professionals
 weight
loss clinics
 and direct consumer marketing supported via the phone and internet. The processing
 formulation
 packaging
 labeling
and advertising of the Company&rsquo;s products are subject to regulation by one or more federal agencies
 including the Food and
Drug Administration
 the Federal Trade Commission
 the Consumer Product Safety Commission
 the United States Department of Agriculture
and the United States Environmental Protection Agency.

2. Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies


in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are as follows:

- The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries
 Jason Pharmaceuticals
Inc.
 Take Shape For Life
 Inc.
 Seven Crondall Associates
 LLC
 Jason Properties
 LLC
 Medifast Franchise Systems
 Inc. and Jason
Enterprises
 Inc. All inter-Company transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.

 &ndash; The preparation
of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period.
Actual results could differ materially from those estimates.

 - Cash
and cash equivalents consist of cash on deposit in financial institutions
 institutional money funds and other short-term investments
with a maturity of 90 days or less at the time of purchase.

 &ndash;
Our cash and cash equivalents and available-for-sale securities are maintained at several financial institutions
 and the balances
with these financial institutions often exceed the amount of insurance provided on such accounts by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation. The cash and cash equivalents generally are maintained with financial institutions with reputable credit
 and therefore
bear minimal credit risk. Historically
 we have not experienced any losses due to such concentration of credit risk.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments
- 
 investment in available-for-sale securities
 trade receivables
and debt. The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents
 and trade receivables approximate fair value due to their short maturities.
The fair values of investment in available-for-sale securities are based on dealer quotes. The Company believes that its indebtedness
approximates fair value based on current yields for debt instruments with similar terms.

Accounts Receivable and Allowance for
Sales Returns and Doubtful Accounts - 
 and
net of provisions for doubtful accounts.


period and adjust them to reflect data available at that time. To estimate reserves for returns
 we consider actual return rates
in preceding periods. To the extent the estimate of returns changes
 we will adjust the reserve
 which will impact the amount of
product sales revenue recognized in the period of the adjustment. Our estimates for returns have not differed materially from our
actual returns. The provision for estimated returns as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 was $300
000 and $234
000
 respectively.


primarily on an analysis of aged accounts receivable balances and the credit worthiness of our customers as determined by credit
checks and analysis
 as well as customer payment history. The allowance for doubtful accounts as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
was $242
000 and $270
000
 respectively.

Inventories consist
principally of packaged meal replacements held in the Company&rsquo;s warehouses. Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or market
utilizing the first-in
 first-out method. The cost of finished goods includes the cost of raw materials
 packaging supplies
 direct
and indirect labor and other indirect manufacturing costs. On a quarterly basis
 management reviews inventory for unsalable or
obsolete inventory.

The
Company&rsquo;s investments consist of debt and equity securities classified as available-for-sale securities. Available-for-sale
securities are stated at fair value
 and unrealized holding gains and losses
 net of the related deferred tax effect
 are reported
as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income in stockholders' equity. Interest and dividends on marketable
debt and equity securities are recognized in income when declared. Realized gains and losses
 including losses from declines in
value of specific securities determined by management to be other-than-temporary
 if any
 are included in income.

The benefit
of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management
believes it is more-likely-than-not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or
litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the
more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely
of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions
taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above is reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying
balance sheet along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination.


    
    



that we did not have any material uncertain tax positions requiring recognition of a liability. Our policy is to recognize interest
and penalties accrued on uncertain tax positions as part of income tax expense. For the years ending December 31
 2012 and 2011
no material estimated interest or penalties were recognized for the uncertainty of certain tax positions. We file income tax returns
in the United States and various states jurisdictions. With few exceptions
 we are no longer subject to U.S. federal
 state and
local income tax examinations by tax authorities for the years before 2009.


deductible temporary differences and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences
are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced
by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred
tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates
on the date of enactment.

Advertising
costs are expensed as incurred
 except for the preparation
 layout
 design and production of advertising costs which are expensed
when the advertisement is first used. Advertising expense for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011
 and 2010
 amounted to $31
million
 $27 million
 and $23 million
 respectively.

 Medifast leases retail stores
 distribution
facilities
 and office space under operating leases. Many of our lease agreements contain tenant improvement allowances
 rent holidays
rent escalation clauses
 and contingent rent provisions. The Company recognizes incentives and minimum rental expenses on a straight-line
basis over the terms of the leases. We commence recording rent expense on the date of initial possession
 which is generally when
we enter the space and begin to make improvements to properties for our intended use. For tenant improvement allowances and rent
holidays
 we record a deferred rent liability on the consolidated balance sheets and amortize the deferred rent over the terms
of the leases as reductions to rent expense on the consolidated statements of income.


the lease terms or for rental payments commencing at a date other than the date of initial occupancy
 we record minimum rental
expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases on the consolidated statements of income. Several leases provide
for contingent rents
 which are determined as a percentage of gross sales in excess of specified levels. We record a contingent
rent liability on the consolidated balance sheets and the corresponding rent expense when we determine achieving the specified
levels is probable.

Clinic opening
costs are expensed as incurred.

Property
 Plant
 and Equipment - 
 plant and
equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. The Company computes depreciation and amortization
using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets acquired as follows:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



is the lesser of the estimated useful life of the addition or the term of the related lease.


is evaluated periodically to determine whether adjustment to the useful life or to the unamortized balance is warranted. Such evaluation
is based principally on the expected utilization of the long-lived assets and the projected undiscounted cash flows of the operations
in which the long-lived assets are used.


are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be
recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated
undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated
future cash flows
 an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair
value of the asset.

The Company
has acquired certain intangible assets which include customer lists
 trademarks
 patents
 and copyrights. The customer lists are
being amortized over a 3-year period based on management&rsquo;s best estimate of the expected useful life. The costs of trademarks
patents and copyrights are amortized over 2 to 7 years based on their estimated useful life.

Revenue is
recognized net of discounts
 rebates
 promotional adjustments
 price adjustments
 and estimated returns and upon transfer of title
and risk to the customer which occurs at shipping (F.O.B. terms). Upon shipment
 the Company has no further performance obligations
and collection is reasonably assured as the majority of sales are paid prior to shipping. Medifast Weight Control Centers program
fees are recognized over the estimated service period.

- Our
shipping and handling costs for shipments of our product to our customers are included in cost of sales. All shipping and handling
charges that are billed to customers are included in net revenue. All other shipping and handling costs are included in selling
general and administration expenses.

- Basic earnings
per share (&ldquo;EPS&rdquo;) computations are calculated utilizing the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during
the periods presented. Diluted EPS is calculated utilizing the weighted average number of common shares outstanding adjusted for
the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents.


    
    



diluted EPS for the fiscal years ended December 31:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
15
876
000
18
541
000
19
611
000

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
13
721
997
13
965
018
14
082
213

    
17
827
233
477
490
708

    
    
    
    

    
13
739
824
14
198
495
14
572
921

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


Share-based compensation
primarily restricted stock awards to employees and directors
 is measured at the grant date
 based on the calculated fair value
of the award
 and is recognized as an expense over the requisite service period.

Other
comprehensive income (loss) refers to revenues
 expenses
 gains and losses that are not included in net income but rather are recorded
directly in stockholders&rsquo; equity. Comprehensive income (loss) consists of net income and unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale
securities.



and have concluded that there are no new pronouncements that may have a material impact on our results of operations
 financial
condition
 or cash flows
 based on current information
 except for Accounting Standards Update (&ldquo;ASU&rdquo;) 2013-02
 Comprehensive
Income (Topic 220): Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.


 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;)
issued ASU 2013-02
 Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive
Income. This amendment requires the Company to present the effects of net income line items that are significant amounts reclassified
out of accumulated other comprehensive income if the item is required under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified to net income in entirety
in the same reporting period. The Company must also cross-reference to other U.S. GAAP disclosures for other reclassification items
not required under U.S. GAAP
 to be reclassed directly to net income in entirety in the same reporting period. Management is currently
evaluating the effect that the provisions of ASU 2013-02 will have on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements.


    
    





are accounted for at fair value
 which is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability
in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The following fair value hierarchy prioritizes the
inputs used to measure fair value:


are available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. Active markets are those in which
transactions for the asset or liability occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.


are other than quoted prices in active markets included in level 1
 which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the
reporting date. Level 2 includes those financial instruments that are valued using models or other valuation methodologies.


include significant inputs that are generally less observable from objective sources. These inputs may be used with internally
developed methodologies that result in management&rsquo;s best estimate of fair value from the perspective of a market participant.


the available-for-sale securities adjusted cost
 gross unrealized gains
 gross unrealized losses and fair value by significant
investment category recorded as cash and cash equivalents or investment securities as of December 31
 2012 and 2011:



    
    

    
    
Unrealized
    
    Gains
    
    Losses
Accrued
    
    Interest
Estimated
    
    FairValue
Cash
    &amp; Cash
    Equivalents
    
    Securities

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
38
977
000
    
    
    
38
977
000
38
977
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
960
000
    
    
    
960
000
960
000
    

    
234
000
13
000
(1
000
    
246
000
    
246
000

    
1
853
000
489
000
(46
000
    
2
296
000
    
2
296
000

    
7
004
000
180
000
(3
000
34
000
7
215
000
    
7
215
000

    
10
051
000
682
000
(50
000
34
000
10
717
000
960
000
9
757
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
4
197
000
124
000
(4
000
27
000
4
344
000
    
4
344
000

    
5
772
000
136
000
(2
000
50
000
5
956
000
    
5
956
000

    
9
969
000
260
000
(6
000
77
000
10
300
000
    
10
300
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
58
997
000
942
000
(56
000
111
000
59
994
000
39
937
000
20
057
000




    
    

    
    
Unrealized
    
    
    Losses
Accrued
    
Estimated
    
Cash
    &amp; Cash
    
    Securities

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
13
459
000
    
    
    
13
459
000
13
459
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
803
000
    
    
    
803
000
803
000
    

    
755
000
17
000
(8
000
    
764
000
    
764
000

    
1
319
000
270
000
(37
000
    
1
552
000
    
1
552
000

    
8
172
000
258
000
(2
000
43
000
8
471
000
    
8
471
000

    
11
049
000
545
000
(47
000
43
000
11
590
000
803
000
10
787
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
4
212
000
119
000
    
27
000
4
358
000
    
4
358
000

    
4
317
000
44
000
(15
000
47
000
4
393
000
    
4
393
000

    
8
529
000
163
000
(15
000
74
000
8
751
000
    
8
751
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
33
037
000
708
000
(62
000
117
000
33
800
000
14
262
000
19
538
000



000
 $207
000 and $205
000
for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011
 and 2010
 respectively.


    
    





 2012
and December 31
 2011:



    
    
    

    
5
318
000
4
591
000

    
1
614
000
2
204
000

    
14
224
000
13
295
000

    
(352
000
(121
000

    
20
804
000
19
969
000


5. PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 


 plant
 and equipment consisted of the following at
December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011:



    
    
    

    
650
000
650
000

    
19
366
000
14
999
000

    
51
511
000
47
657
000

    
147
000
170
000

    
71
674
000
63
476
000

    
31
565
000
24
624
000


 plant and equipment- net
40
109
000
38
852
000



property
 plant and equipment are pledged as collateral for various loans (see Note 12).


the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010 was $10
116
000
 $7
024
000
 and $4
700
000
 respectively.


    
    






related accumulated amortization included the following:



    
As
    of December 31
 2012
As
    of December 31
 2011
    

    
Gross
    Carrying
    Amount
    
    Amortization
Gross
    Carrying
    Amount
    
    Amortization
    
    Amortization
    Period

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
235
000
206
000
235
000
128
000
    

Trademarks
 patents
 and copyrights
2
437
000
2
038
000
2
440
000
1
544
000
    

    
2
672
000
2
244
000
2
675
000
1
672
000
    



 2012
2011 and 2010 was as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
78
000
78
000
50
000


 patents
 and copyrights
494
000
378
000
241
000

    
    
    
    

    
572
000
456
000
291
000



 general and administrative
expenses.


intangible assets is as follows:





    

    
428
000





at December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011:



    
    
    

    
16
226
000
12
678
000

    
5
549
000
4
578
000

    
3
295
000
    

    
3
151
000
1
574
000

    
28
221
000
18
830
000



gained momentum in many states in 2012. Because of this
 combined with the desire of the Company to create symmetry among all sales
channels
 the Company re-aligned its sales tax position to be more consistent with the Company&rsquo;s state income tax restructurings
discussed in Note 10 and mitigated any risk of noncompliance with state jurisdictions.&nbsp; The Company will commence collecting
and remitting sales tax in all&nbsp;states that impose sales or use taxes and is in the process of entering voluntary disclosure
agreements with various states for 2012 and prior sales tax exposures.&nbsp; The total amount of sales tax liability estimated
The accrued sales
tax liability is a result of varying application of statutes
 rules
 regulations and interpretations. Our assessment reflects assumptions
and judgments about potential actions by taxing jurisdictions. We believe these assumptions and judgments are reasonable; however
future developments by taxing jurisdictions may alter our current estimate.


    
    







 2012
 the Company leases
office space for corporate offices
 a distribution facility in Texas
 a raw materials warehouse in Maryland
 as well as eighty-seven
corporate-operated Medifast Weight Control Centers under lease terms ranging from five to ten years. Monthly payments under the
Medifast Weight Control Centers leases range in price from $1
500 to $5
000. The Company is additionally required to pay property
taxes
 utilities
 insurance and other costs relating to the leased facilities.


for our printing operation that supports our sales channels and network equipment for information technology that are accounted
for as capital leases. The leases extend through December 2016.


minimum rental and lease payments required under non-cancelable lease terms in excess of one year as of December 31
 2012:



    
    
    

    
4
570
000
338
000

    
4
508
000
248
000

    
4
265
000
248
000

    
3
409
000
248
000

    
1
650
000
    

    
530
000
    

    
18
932
000
1
082
000

    
    
83
000

    
    
999
000

    
    
303
000

    
    
696
000



31
 2012
 2011
 and 2010 was $5
371
000
 $3
753
000
 and $1
700
000
 respectively. Equipment lease expense for the years ended
December 31
 2012
 2011
 and 2010 was $1
926
000
 $1
929
000
 and $1
813
000
 respectively.




 2012
 Jason Pharmaceuticals
Inc.
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
 signed a proposed consent decree with the Federal Trade Commission (&ldquo;FTC&rdquo;)
in response to the FTC&rsquo;s investigation of certain statements in the Company&rsquo;s advertising for its weight-loss programs.
On September 17
 2012 the consent decree was entered and approved by the United States District Court for the District of Columbia.
The consent decree replaces a previous consent order entered into by Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc. and the FTC in 1992. The FTC expressed
concern that some of the Company&rsquo;s advertising contained claims which were not compatible with current standards for substantiation.
Pursuant to the consent decree
 the Company agreed to modify certain advertising claims in this regard and agreed to ensure that
its clinical studies meet the protocol contained in the consent agreement. The Company paid a civil penalty of $3.7 million to
resolve the FTC&rsquo;s concerns and avoid protracted legal proceedings.


 2011
 a shareholder derivative
complaint titled Shane Rothenberger
 derivatively on behalf of Medifast
 Inc.
 v. Bradley T. MacDonald et al. (Civil Action 2011-CV
863 [BEL]); and on April 11
 2011
 a shareholder derivative complaint titled James A. Thompson
 derivatively on behalf of Medifast
Inc.
 v. Bradley T. MacDonald et al. (Civil Action 2011-CV934 [BEL]) were filed in the U.S. District Court
 District of Maryland.
The similarly worded complaints allege breach of fiduciary duties
 unjust enrichment
 abuse of control
 gross mismanagement
 and
waste of corporate assets. Each complaint requests an unspecified amount of damages
 a Court Order directing reformation of corporate
governance
&nbsp;restitution to the Company and payment of costs and disbursements. The Company is named as a nominal defendant.
On July 19
 2011
 the U.S. District Judge ordered consolidation of the two cases
 appointment of co-lead counsel
 and the filing
of a consolidated complaint
 among other matters. No consolidated complaint has been filed
 and therefore no response is due from
the Company at this time. After the consolidated complaint is filed
 the Company intends to take whatever action it deems necessary
to protect its interests.


 2011
 a putative class action
complaint titled Oren Proter et al. v. Medifast
 Inc. et al. (Civil Action 2011-CV-720[BEL])
 alleging violations of Sections 10(b)
and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)
 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated under
the Exchange Act
 was filed for an unspecified amount of damages in the U.S. District Court
 District of Maryland. The complaint
alleges that the defendants made false and/or misleading statements and failed to disclose material adverse facts regarding the
Company&rsquo;s business
 operations and prospects. On March 24
 2011
 a putative class action complaint titled Fred Greenberg
v. Medifast
 Inc.
 et al (Civil Action 2011-CV776 [BEL]
 alleging violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and
Rule 10b-5 promulgated under the Exchange Act
 was filed for an unspecified amount of damages in the U.S. District Court
 District
of Maryland. The complaint alleges that the defendants made false and/or misleading statements and failed to disclose material
adverse facts regarding the Company&rsquo;s business
 operations and prospects. On July 19
 2011
 the U.S. District Judge ordered
the consolidation of the cases and appointment of co-lead counsel among other matters. The Greenberg case was dismissed without
prejudice. The Plaintiffs subsequently filed an Amended Complaint. The Company has reviewed these allegations
 and subsequently
filed a Motion to Dismiss which is currently pending.


    
    



February 17
 2010 in the U.S. District Court (SD
 Cal) against Barry Minkow and the Fraud Discovery Institute
 Inc. (collectively
&ldquo;Minkow&rdquo;)
 iBusiness Reporting
 and its editor William Lobdell
 Tracy Coenen and Sequence
 Inc. (collectively
 &ldquo;Coenan&rdquo;)
&ldquo;Zee Yourself&rdquo;
 and Robert L. Fitzpatrick (&ldquo;FitzPatrick&rdquo;) for defamation and violations of California Corporation
Code Sections 25400 et seq. and 17200 et seq.
 alleging a scheme of market manipulation of Medifast stock for Defendants&rsquo;
monetary gain
 by damaging the business reputation of Medifast and its meal replacement weight loss products. Bradley T. MacDonald
former Executive Chairman of Medifast
 who was also a significant shareholder of the Company
 joined the lawsuit individually.
The lawsuit seeks $270.0 million in compensatory damages
 punitive damages
 and ancillary relief. In March 2011
 the District Court
granted in part and denied in part certain SLAPP Motions (i.e. motions to dismiss) previously filed by all Defendants. The Company
continues prosecution of this civil lawsuit and has appealed that portion of the District Court&rsquo;s ruling which dismissed
its defamation claims against Minkow and Coenan. The appeal remains pending in the 9


 the Chapter 7 Bankruptcy
Trustee for Go Fig
 Inc. et al.
 Debtors
 filed an adversary civil proceeding in the US Bankruptcy Court (ED
 Missouri) against
Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 a subsidiary of the Company
 and other unrelated entities seeking to recover
 as to each
 alleged
preferential payments. Jason Pharmaceuticals sold product received by the Debtors and has previously filed a pending claim in the
same bankruptcy. Medifast disputed the Trustee&rsquo;s allegations. This action was by Court order placed on hold while the Trustee
litigated similar issues against another party. This matter was recently settled by Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc. for $6
500. Upon
court approval of the settlement
 all matters related to this case will be resolved.


subject to claims or charges filed by former or current employees or employment applicants alleging discrimination or harassment
in violation of various federal or state regulations. The Company does not believe that any of the pending employment-related claims
are material.


    
    








    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
9
787
000
2
347
000
9
688
000

    
132
000
777
000
2
463
000

    
9
919
000
3
124
000
12
151
000

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(1
210
000
5
446
000
(62
000

    
(127
000
569
000
(8
000

    
(1
337
000
6
015
000
(70
000

    
    
    
    

    
8
582
000
9
139
000
12
081
000



at December 31




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
301
000
314
000

    
336
000
242
000
140
000

    
692
000
545
000
178
000

    
    
    
601
000

    
690
000
516
000
77
000

    
526
000
555
000
    

    
1
228
000
    
    

    
3
472
000
2
159
000
1
310
000

    
    
    
    

    
(333
000
(250
000
(145
000

    
(752
000
(426
000
(429
000

    
(7
729
000
(8
075
000
(1
317
000

    
(105
000
(109
000
    

    
(8
919
000
(8
860
000
(1
891
000

    
    
    
    

    
(5
447
000
(6
701
000
(581
000



tax rate and the Company's effective tax rate are as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
8
559
000
    
9
688
000
    
11
093
000
    


 net of federal benefit
679
000
    
1
015
000
    
1
699
000
    

    
(902
000
    
(248
000
    
(861
000
    

    
1
389
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
(190
000
    
71
000
    
75
000
    

    
(267
000
    
(336
000
    
    
    

    
(686
000
    
(1
051
000
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
75
000
    

    
8
582
000
    
9
139
000
    
12
081
000
    



    
    



extensive state income tax planning.&nbsp; This planning includes taking advantage of Maryland&rsquo;s apportionment methodology.&nbsp;
As a manufacturing entity based in Maryland
 the Company utilizes the single sales factor apportionment method in addition to claiming
new state jobs credits and research &amp; development credits.&nbsp; These benefits were offset by a $3.7 million FTC nondeductible
settlement in 2012.


$287
000 that can be carried forward for five years and will expire in 2014 through 2017.&nbsp; Separate company state net operating
loss carry forwards totaling $5.4 million start expiring in 2031.&nbsp; Maryland state credits carry forwards totaling $293
000
and a Pennsylvania credit carry forward totaling $29
000 will expire in 2017.




to employees and nonemployee directors generally with terms ranging up to five years. The fair value is equal to the market price
of the Company&rsquo;s common stock on the date of grant. Expense for restricted stock is amortized ratably over the vesting period.
The following table summarizes the restricted stock activity:



    
    
    


 2011
455
256
    

    
15
770
    

    
(313
359
    

    
(8
000
    


 2012
149
667
    


The total
share-based compensation expense charged against income during the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011
 and 2010 were $2
850
000
$2
524
000
 and $2
678
000
 respectively. Included in share-based compensation expense for 2012 is $633
000 for 24
000 shares of
performance awards to be issued to certain key employees based on achieving 2012 financial plan.&nbsp; The Company intends to issue
additional performance awards in 2013 to certain key employees if certain 2013 financial plans are met.&nbsp; During 2013
 the
Company issued 137
000 restricted stock awards to certain key employees to vest over 3 - 5 years commencing January 1


stock awards was approximately $969
000
 $986
000 and $1
044
000 for the years ending December 31
 2012
 2011
 and 2010
 respectively.
The tax benefit recognized in additional paid-in capital upon vesting of restricted stock awards was approximately $1
265
000
$614
000 and $1
770
000 for the years ending December 31
 2012
 2011
 2010
 respectively. There was approximately $1.2 million
of total unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock awards as of December 31
 2012. The cost is expected to be
recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately 1.2 years.


 the 2012 Share Incentive
Plan was approved at the 2012 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The plan has a ten year term
 expiring in 2022
 and allows for an
additional 1
000
000 shares of Company stock to be issued to participants. The awards may be issued in the form of stock options
stock appreciation rights
 and restricted shares. No shares have been granted for this incentive plan as of December 31
 2012.




 2012
and December 31
 2011:



    
    
    


000
000 ten-year term loan with Merrill Lynch at LIBOR plus 1.3%
 approximately 1.51% at December 31
 2012.&nbsp;&nbsp;Due 2017.
2
225
000
2
375
000


500
000 ten-year term loan with Merrill Lynch at LIBOR plus 1.3%
 approximately 1.51% at December 31
 2012.&nbsp;&nbsp;Due 2017.
1
113
000
1
188
000


600
000 three-year term loan with Bank of America at LIBOR plus 2%
 and repaid in August 2012.
    
893
000

    
3
338
000
4
456
000

    
225
000
1
119
000

    
3
113
000
3
337
000



000
 $89
000
and $102
000 in 2012
 2011
 and 2010
 respectively.


    
    







    
225
000

    
225
000

    
225
000

    
225
000

    
225
000

    
2
213
000

    
3
338
000



000
000 revolving
line of credit with Bank of America at the LIBOR rate plus 1.75%
 which was 1.96% at December 31
 2012. The agreement expires on
June 30
 2013.


term loan is secured by substantially all the assets of the Company and contain customary covenants including covenants that
 in
certain circumstances
 restrict the Company&rsquo;s ability to incur additional indebtedness
 pay dividends and redeem capital
stock
 make other payments
 including investments
 sell its assets and enter into consolidations
 mergers and transfers of all
or substantially all of its assets. The line of credit and term loan agreements also require the Company to maintain specified
financial ratios and satisfy certain financial condition tests. At December 31
 2012
 the Company was in compliance with all of
the required financial ratios and also met all of the financial condition tests. The Merrill Lynch ten-year term loans are secured
by two buildings
 together with an assignment of rents and a security interest upon all fixtures now or hereafter located in the
two buildings. All loans contain customary events of default. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under the term loans or
line of credit
 the lenders may cease making loans and declare amounts outstanding to be immediately due and payable.




enterprise about which separate financial information is available that is regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision maker
about how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. The Company has two reportable operating segments: Medifast
 and
MWCC and Wholesale. The Medifast reporting segment consists of the following distribution channels: Medifast Direct and Take Shape
for Life. The MWCC and Wholesale segment consists of Medifast Corporate and Franchise Weight Control Centers as well as Medifast
Wholesale Physicians.


identified with a specific segment are listed as &ldquo;Other&rdquo; and include items such as auditors&rsquo; fees
 attorney&rsquo;s
fees
 stock compensation expense and corporate governance related to NYSE
 Sarbanes Oxley and SEC regulations. Evaluation of the
performance of operating segments is based on their respective income from operations before taxes. The accounting policies of
the segments are the same as those of the Company. The presentation and allocation of assets
 liabilities and results of operations
may not reflect the actual economic costs of the segments as stand-alone businesses. If a different basis of allocation were utilized
the relative contributions of the segments might differ
 but management believes that the relative trends in segments would likely
not be impacted.


    
    



for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011
 and 2010:



    

 2012

    
    
    
 Wholesale
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
300
511
000
56
195
000
    
356
706
000

    
74
984
000
13
687
000
    
88
671
000


 General and Administrative Expense
184
615
000
40
194
000
8
759
000
233
568
000

    
8
081
000
2
864
000
260
000
11
205
000

    
141
000
26
000
(1
363
000
(1
196
000

    
32
690
000
(576
000
(7
656
000
24
458
000

    
    
    
    
    

    
86
944
000
14
610
000
28
697
000
130
251
000




    

 2011

    
    
    
 Wholesale
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
259
191
000
38
998
000
    
298
189
000

    
63
888
000
9
805
000
    
73
693
000


 General and Administrative Expense
152
647
000
30
335
000
5
788
000
188
770
000

    
6
416
000
1
596
000
332
000
8
344
000

    
30
000
    
(328
000
(298
000

    
36
210
000
(2
738
000
(5
792
000
27
680
000

    
    
    
    
    

    
64
388
000
12
658
000
28
619
000
105
665
000




    

 2010

    
    
    
 Wholesale
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
229
879
000
27
673
000
    
257
552
000

    
58
795
000
6
288
000
    
65
083
000


 General and Administrative Expense
135
441
000
13
837
000
5
693
000
154
971
000

    
4
765
000
786
000
307
000
5
858
000

    
105
000
    
(157
000
(52
000

    
30
773
000
6
762
000
(5
843
000
31
692
000

    
    
    
    
    

    
55
858
000
9
301
000
28
900
000
94
059
000



    
    






    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Lease relating to the Company's Owings Mills
 Maryland facility***

    
    
    

    
    
Subsidiaries of Medifast
 Inc.

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

    
    
    

    
    
    





Filed as an exhibit to and incorporated by reference
to Registration Statement on Form SB-2 of the Company




Included in and incorporated by reference to the Definitive
Proxy Statement on Form DEF 14A of the Company filed July 30




Filed as an exhibit to and incorporated by reference
to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 of the Company






of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



MEDIFAST
 INC.
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Dated: March 15
 2013
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Dated: March 15
 2013
    



    
    



of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated have signed this Report below.&nbsp;



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 15
 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/ BARRY B. BONDROFF
 CPA
    
    
    
March 15
 2013

Barry B. Bondroff
 CPA
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 15
 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 15
 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/ GEORGE J. LAVIN
 ESQ.
    
    
    
March 15
 2013

George J. Lavin
 Esq.
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 15
 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 15
 2013

Sr. Cathy T. Maguire
 RSM
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 15
 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 15
 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 15
 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/ REV. DONALD F. REILLY
 OSA
    
    
    
March 15
 2013

Rev. Donald F. Reilly
 OSA
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 15
 2013

    
    
    
    
    



    















     






 Inc.



    
    
    

Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
    
    

Take Shape for Life
 Inc.
    
    

Jason Properties
 LLC
    
    

Jason Enterprises
 Inc.
    
    

    
    
    

Seven Crondall Associates
 LLC
    
    




    














     








 Michael C. MacDonald
 certify that:


I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Medifast
 Inc.;


Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;


Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
presented in this report;


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:


Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known
to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and


Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting; and


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):


All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
information; and


Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.


 2013



    
    

    
    

    
    



    














     








Timothy G. Robinson certify that:


I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Medifast
 Inc.;


Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;


Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
presented in this report;


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:


Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known
to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and


Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting; and


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):


All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
information; and


Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.


 2013



    
    

    
    

    
    




    














     








18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350





Medifast
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2012 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I Michael C. MacDonald
 Chief Executive Officer and I Timothy G. Robinson
Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 to the best of my knowledge
 that:


The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934
 as amended; and


The information contained in the report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial
condition and results of the operations of the Company.



    
    
    

    
    

    
    

March 15
 2013
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    

March 15
 2013
    



    












begin 644 tpg26.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@``9`!D``#_[``11'5C:WD``0`$````9```_^X`#D%D
M;V)E`&3``````?_;`(0``0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0(`@(`@(`@(`P
#`P
#`P
#`P$!`0$!`0$`0$
M`@(!`@(#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#
M`P
#`P
#`P
#_\``$0@!M`(?`P$1``(1`0
1`?_$`(L``0``@(#`0$`````
M```````'`8)!0H`P0!P$!`````````````````````!````8#``$!!@('

D&4%1)34FMG@G
M*&$R0W&10C

M&L
5J-'[
]VC&F#6%X]?&)/O

4%KQ`F

8%/[8%035QP:NNH.MNW?('XP?

MH*M8G

)'&I`XS.

K'L0@.!9F@[]`BP)Z[3MKEPSRMU/#_(Q





YZ'XZZ3Z2\2W9%P


M2CL?4F-ZR)N[HJD2E


B:VFEH6)VU_F"**D8G4TLX93N:JV+6C




MU#Q^RV'-96Z/T9Y^Z;ALV=Y-5Z8H]X6*P0:)2F+2PMJ-(*^'1FIP:5^H2V8[
M6!OF_I@9O.;!\4D0D5B353B3OWHU`H?IG(':3O@TK?9CHF1HS75Z5KEPTZ
M(H/L%%[
LJ5KOGWGRQ%=5
M&6'9


N2C:SO



SS)WLMD#)K-BXY0\L6H&4.1-QA4.;W`C2DL9(0F*``V8'8


-&)*I:#=:&+98][P++_U`EC=1


?02BB)+(XY-


M(D=

6

MAC.T*W`]08
\Q.26
T1@MCWO8M^H=?WKN\[J:^
/ZGMU07+:K4Y5[Y5ZFC4#

QS=_@C2(A$$#*U[&P[#^&![;#ZPZ=??


E1DJ7A[5KG`\E(F+64$1
MFPE@#H(=:UK6LJW]09

NF;QB5N$47
L8K





JAF_U`I]



/21\1$MDO:R%*M$C


[)MU5$
M[&E7D@C$8EQT?D4FCW6,FY==FFV]QN/R7Y&N(D#K9;G#R][;4:X1JPW86[XD
M(E.A8&RKQD4CX_KAZ`FDII5YWHG*9%S[=$9<7CL9YMR&U<EB<[CQ5=20^/O
.E?+/8


M





TD-1+UYZE*I7F(


M[?






M0W(?H]2B&[196:H%#I^SIE13(*\E:90
AP2`


MIVO.U;E\D7D!O6IKDZNL:F([SC#6#GZ%2%4[6M0L;NUR)PC!+5!TE?9+)W



M@YPY1\^-)M]UH\=K\!O5'5&CJV#.K$V\\6&5-':J(2Q



#D?'/.

MZJCIJNY%-*TEB6!D-)2]@=8<8.0-;RWM3$B*^'T27H)B<8]J!EJC2`A5:



M6E?.3P*0N3H8JE9WU.^/*IT
+'SK^/;G:


MN]!U@3:W_P!/1473O7?7_7OE53P7J^4WA(*^0T?$H7(;AKV-4K6]?QQ1&BF@




V?N?J91
M?L






M&G9-%Q




M3!-*
]G?L[#K0;\
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
#33&_(W.WCR-NE/J2

MXO?`*P



^?9'T)'5$A;YC!F^3'S9/,`IH@^Q%V:U3N<PE,REU:U:1$J
M5'$#@0[U3WU<O/WE)XUYD2-

93U(.3*\E.




MM+3S1(C2MF[;L8`AK]6^3%14US]@PRW(3,;`9X!V]1?('.$,HF$R&QI1(K




MI7#I*C;W^






@?64
Q


MZNE%OM%M):==;^3-KFN:;=45`.
.]0LQ[VD?DDK5

QIXLF5;KY@E
6
G=@*GZ?
MQYD9VP3RC;PJ'`Y8H.

%EO!HY`UL


U
S[8?7UT&FU



M.TGRGI


MWK*))RUAS@AU+ETB9JW3FJSSPI/=G'C]D(M:UZA0?7





4J7B


MWG5_L!UKZ

QL+0)P$(SR3/?:V3O6B=!
JWAHJ.&]&R:5;D</
MYW<UU7!4C;&UM*\M0ZK/5T
3G'ICPYHSP[I7_HVR;XG-\





M67#9$_D#:XM:-\!9

M7$IY?Z`+N9%MRA)


6Z2KULKUXD.

G=Y@K)7

N<
M77\\CUIW)ITISZHBC5%=

UF;'6129V;SEB[V-IB-J
M59@BP`#H(-!YR'@-I?FR\F[[HNZ/=U]Y4)W.H/#&$!_TX\44X\R.*.N$Y0W0
A)157-
M'VECS
](X[T=5=XU1(X#


`6)O%HK^^&+1#Q-

4YLO3G3[Z2)R1W;P%S9P6HEQL):B



HVX/L#^J+1

M8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`
M8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`
M8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`
M8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`
M8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`
M8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`
M8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`
M8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`



!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
M
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
M
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
#3+_`[X_8K*NB79UALZGL)O^*36(JAG-GSY_K2DX=:



+8RWFMC:L$\/A2C96])


M'!

6=`JA1\ZU+R_U5#10N'21



MMWO`L[@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@




BV
\ZW_:ZBLCW8EZ^
3N
RW'63:%(H.&M`$L.



P(AB#M/!5\]E%7;(#[?I[@QB



$@2HUK\EULWT2FZVFT&;*?
.PMU


M=@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@

MRQ
W-32U-R8Q8X.;FX+#4B!O0)1FG'&C`646#8A;T'6]X'41Z5OGH[O#MZ
M

*G&)A;

Q

M:[V7QI;U9Q1?+YMS9U)6TAKJ[S6IKV`M6HJ]A*)=V._4J@\6])#(
X2`2DOT
M












M'Q6O8G&8'!8ZS1&%PQA:(M$HK'F]
TL


M+3-DT#LF+3`6O4\2!R]\4:&[



0
M8DQ^:;QE2:DG_HB.]0-CW4L=L&








K2*2!#)4)E!(PC+




MC*XY#M:C.5K)I'H**6?RT\=.P%PH6S[%LF&

M$N9B(K'$*\IK5HB58`[(#.:ZY0\CM?NU





M&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&!#W05\U=R]2=G=77)DT0JRHH@ZS29OZ@.S1IVMJ)]H*
M-N1@WH]T?7A8,I$W(2=4+EZ@E.2$1IH`[#7[XV:*M*1O-E^1OK2
J8UU=U^
MV
Z6



R%N
M2/##(8^](CFYX9'II7E'H7-J=&]280H(.`
HXH8@B#L.]ZP-%
(=I;X3Y^RU
2A^8;8Z?93%#O1]!1Y4:Z<Q\,H'/6A%,]4,JPLM-8EX%H_8*?+(=23
M'`]2#9+0%`@+!HT-MN`P&`P&`P&!7'GO_FO1?_D=+_\`LVOLQV`P&`P&`P&
M`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&!H^L#0?)UY!$E+)O5WX9\9]@


('

!@
!@
!@
!@
!
M@
!@
!@
!@






MW_;;06V67?;@VB01BNHF
[XY-0W


MI8^'B)

A
VJF%IV/

K%F;DL=5YIAAGLFJ?=%[T266`(6@P&`P&`P&`P&`P&

M-(.$19Z94G.``]*J(&4J1JBBSR#SBRQA#4MSQ

`4F37_&FQ


[@`HH
M!ANS5!H7RP&`P&`P.A_Q6S]





MTO=J.N.


Y5)W=MC\:C30
MY20OSPL(;FAD8V9$<XNSNZNH925VMJ!
G*/)&$8-;P-:W+W1-Q\7V[_'GW[-%\X!+E1L?X2[DD02DK;T^Q-



S($;4T-+8D(0-K6V-


MAS^CV!SBLVB3P04N:G1(
M2B6$@
`+\-ZV&L[GOJ:[.'[0A7#/DCEILL:)@Z

S-#:G
6.+HZNB
M\TA$W-R!(2


PL)H`G`#


M9-@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@





]KWYOCBYP9V$N0R)
M

M

TM6QKQB/*O%=L]50BB+#:*PD%S5Q=G*##7TC
ME3K6-?VO[
.

M%6'SA9/





P&Z$)+XE\)/*%


MO^^8'`H?XR^?+;V*TN_NOH]MB[)[0TR.;A!%A@E@N7N:X\8L4T5RJQ&G@+VB

O
)*3?
Y@YJQG@'M
2/`VPX#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`



MUY1EUH6;

MC_3*/H-?7


M(&5L)4+W%?\`CZ:))`


!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@

M.B!H2%^G0%*\)IZ=J(#L-Y6`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`

M_$+
CI#U)6V*-L.FGRI18L2K=D97=K*K*/V:[


M)UBH^69^\5)

M_+'RZQ5#'[KG

R
`PA#)X?WUPW/X
M3'[(AO8?



M+3_$5%QNAZ9;W+Y



MU;R?.H+$[*=5J9-'WR51UA9G(Y8FT!5KXI/LT-F
BDT;B#4H?99(&2+L:3TV


6
M[E:U')KDH%CZ;ZGC\6G<:KE4Q\\\F]!2V6N<DEK2^O+.:PM
A@


MHU2IFA7!?
5S*I^UA;FV732[^K(HW50./+Q/1SF=&(SS0:*RR)5M(%*40:I:


A
M$B);1/R1ECS(W-J=Z&W)RR-JP%Z/V2`(-C]G6M8$QX#`HC?OC]K&[;3-O6
6



M)@;W!LDTAL^368LE

U28G*+
4GB

#2P*&V._(8:K1C4A9G*1&IG$


DF@%/E\^WVOJ9+&7!@0MTDG#S#+N2

I:]=Y(WN3NGD(
MU1AZ1:5[(#E!@;F/,7V#T1R#S)5$XY574FT6C;73514FEE'19U%4L-BT\:
MYB[R&;3%0U/L?5M#+%FZ






MTAFQ#;&49I(%80WP^`.KJPJ3QHUY%:H9V9%&45X]BM)#VVZ:UCE
D4-Z\N^`

!@
!@
!@
!@5LZ6Z


M7H^
MW:;T##8YS/W-(T?0C!$9
S3]'R9:#17%;-4O?7-A(^]TGEJ&.:JQS8AM8E;H



M`L?4)

M%7V5.XP@W[25J^&!O2A21H06[9WAJD+0U/[Y(7EC?&U\
SNV*B5K:ZM3FE

C
!&$WZNY;K-X<H]9'2E`U\_LYFB7=CF]QU
MW%'AJ-$G*5A*<FQ^D:!:A,VD/`;H)H`[]V,(O[-ZW@<C4W2_.-]K7YNHOHD
1#DA*X(%JMN7(]73#5E(M0G#3JTR@I*Y'C)
(/+$#?M:






.='6I;E7IVXMZ





B@IMBLJD$)02=O41MQBQ;_'`+D#XGD@





3^0WI1G4:6
-[=37]$;X

QY`L)#H(=J3-Z]K8:OKP[FY#%T2BBG/

MXZEF




DFA:BM;@*E;@

`B




M[SO$[MO2]*
C76%#2GJ`N852VW$G3\[0:Y)Y2U122(/0C(LV)I6Y`9PI

9BW[8W$XL)1*C0



MV2^



MJ6_W*#5P\.D$;$/45EQ7I&V9I&EZJ:1+.G2A4YB4Z(%(924G0*U*AX*)U;
MVG&$9`=$[#KK/&,*.TI2JN&\,^:3=85]*H)-K+FLBZY:X?#K@?)8_1(77*



M)0#

EQ!G61B_NA*

M$NJ-1%E**;6TD&RT*%.6



MW1@JZ+M0R@I.R/WU*VEGVN@L1+;:X)#Q_?W[]\
]X5K1`_:(UHO04\UX)?&&


M+KZ=
0Y/2L\`!`W




1Q@4&AFB$9O8M[%O?KO?K_







D4M

B5?H'V=?@'^S6_P`=:]?Q

M*89[0_8&+6][]=X&8QCA3B*$+4#E#...5XDXM2M&O;'



/_`$9SU55SOD*;G1IB3O8

=R5(K=32V1P0I_IL@S1VS3?A2PWS^^)



M@/F;;^T$/ZVG_28#YFV_M!#^MI_TF`^9MO[00_K:?])@/F;;^T$/ZVG_`$F`
M^9MO[00_K:?])@/F;;^T$/ZVG_28#YFV_M!#^MI_TF`^9MO[00_K:?\`28#Y
MFV_M!#^MI_TF!A[]947CLF@L47*A&.-@N3VULIJ4:
U$G4


M3$F-[68$K80&;$=L(=ZUK?M:#
/F;;^T$/ZVG_28#YFV_M!#^MI_TF`^9MO[
M00_K:?\`28#YFV_M!#^MI_TF`^9MO[00_K:?])@/F;;^T$/ZVG_28#YFV_M!
M#^MI_P!)@/F;;^T$/ZVG_28#YFV_M!#^MI_TF`^9MO[00_K:?])@/F;;^T$/

MM;W_`+=8'%Q<QZ:1.+S%J6!(:Y9'623-I+@:E3KR4#\VIG1&4N(+4G@(6%I

M`^9MO[00_K:?])@/F;;^T$/ZVG_28#YFV_M!#^MI_P!)@/F;;^T$/ZVG_28#
MYFV_M!#^MI_TF`^9MO[00_K:?])@/F;;^T$/ZVG_`$F`^9MO[00_K:?])@8A
M-K(C$9DKX\*MJ$BN21+%EMIB-0HTX364L\1:C1EFJTX=(R')Z*&H'[6]ED
M!&+01;U[.PR_YFV_M!#^MI_TF`^9MO[00_K:?])@/F;;^T$/ZVG_`$F`^9MO
M[00_K:?])@/F;;^T$/ZVG_28#YFV_M!#^MI_TF`^9MO[00_K:?\`28#YFV_M
M!#^MI_TF`^9MO[00_K:?])@/F;;^T$/ZVG_28#YFV_M!#^MI_P!)@/F;;^T$
M/ZVG_28&




^20*[:NC]HT


M6A4@




MCE7G4KCK;R%-U

TU.5[.7U[$0-)&-Z;
8EMOH64M$ZZ![9[)YH!?#ZU2#I


%`
=O
MQIL-U'UCH0H0PH(9I6R]#&+8=D'PHVY:=L\9/)-VV/,;#M6I.FNGZ+F26QW
M)OE=C5DJJRX)&P-%0SZT69VL%U2N`QO2)

M9+)X8\!:FZGFZ+1E


5*LJ@O*RK\GQ
M'1DI\F#;<+%*7JM)9R*SL/.M@QISYID/&ZN#*%CM'8Q`GI


82-?LH8:OY#V!U[
M9G#GC0;5?8MYTV\OOB6[I[RFMSQ&7-+;/[@OGF.&11VK1CGDJD;0\FR&#
BE



\K
MPTV%



MNKEUHUX]RES7PJS-CFT6^&ZSTRY?/KOZ4E(RPP30S2WY&?[1A!9+

M:G4EH0`(`807Z!UH`=:6
!@
!@
!@
!@

UI-)=U\R:6AUKT4!:TP
M1^H2PZP

JNW:0BO'E#







U]BS




6WV/*HH0Y2I"$@3`B0$CF8
M9HQ./A1E_#:!Z:+V#UU^/KO834X\M\[.U)

M8D0W

<8()91)18=B$(6]!'6][WZ8'&1Z11^6LK=)(H^LTFCKPFL:'
M^/.:)Z975(/8@@5-SJVGJ4*Y
(0=ZT
HP0=[UO\`'`YG`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`




MP1RHY7=)9C1J*












M:N

MY@*_`U$0:43HA0?\64%B?]4OHJURZ;?[V\ET-\9C(Q^+7B3L./2112E76`Q=

!@
!@
!@



_6/GE_@#XI/_W/=7__`
7\



M%L6G)7&


MJFO9A.Z+GSG!:WLMX8:SG@F5WAL


M?+[9BQ6WJ+`^)4/&G-0=MK

7
MLW;JVAV


M[[V'$D-

5I
U!3OC\
@R8S'F4J3HBHH=4+B3SZ<YR9R60X2@YP`[IFXM.XA+**$<2


NV@A

+ZD3.KP6D4HFS03!







6%M*-(%2



54U=%IA)K#C-;0&.3^:@++F4Y8H='FB


JULD

WUOKZ)(GF7.K4Y$O+8YR=T3-


Q9CF$?



M)G=K6$QU6C(2E@*
1A)&6`L.@[UH.O0
M0QJ.-CT^2-MC[(WR&3A;`25^0M2
M!(]2$+(F





#6(D6P;3Z4Z*V'

232:5*=)$6O0``@T9LTS0C!!=?`8#`8#`8#`8#`
M8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`
M8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`
M8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`
M8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`
M8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`
M8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`
M8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`
M8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`
M8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`J/=?;=$\_WG1O/-D+IDCL3H4F5*:[`RP

4.D3&Y
SM6TIG1\?G+DU3QI4DQ%U

@KAW7E

M)L=MSBKY(FYVW(^@XS#$`J7JMTZP3


MV2IHS'HE)5;4_'I(ZN2'&FK'`PPHQ`V(U*HT.BB#-Z;6N\Z3?)I
JW9;AJ









S!%U$K9GZ;



LOKGFBI$

6%2


TVU6EVB#BTQ)XBRS3`:*$$\(;$

;F99$E2$\IS*4F

MDJ#(]L3J]$*CP%#2D'F'A

`@



M6_#:[DK(Q3-Q;8VV.L1FLT6S&02B$1V
QQH@[A#&QP&]ZD
H:I!LI6IFZ;0%


IT22$0$YIP-&$%B-T&(==S<

MJ
T0B%0-E&[`/6]:#*5O6?/\82+E=H6O65


2K'SW11:8\PAT3&JTZU(E5[VG&:NE^T2R6&BJ)ZNJI6BUW-.


M22
HE.A4&#%H!)@@A@B#J:BI$VPF2P.S:ZLF`S.1RZ-;LJ!VC5K[`XVK@\$D

:(FO;UIR=G




MW+D*
!RE(O#M.:`!NM@P(_MOM7EBDXG?$LF]Z5B'?
\&=;#NN)LDXBKW8$$C




M-=B-]D2J0



(3!`]C89A!.@JMG$$3


E;8L:;#HV



89E')VT5M





M#U''S4C#'BP-]EFKZY^L6
LH)J
^0

;+\3MIL'6+M(6
$;=^


MC[.+KZ]'J_K!D894X=1*9PH0M\@YR;*HBB&
H'Q'+P(Y_P#%S.2IW7X42A`0


LN'/LI?Y

M6G]ZH6!N7YIYZ=*/LOM1&(X@V0_H'HR/6]`6.)%?!EMK(CYEY]J1\^?-136


AL82RD[5&D)QHU*XY

M)KAMI6/6409SCT)2M86T
OQ7P^SO83[#V/7$_1]U0_HYPMM#5


+=BL$=DKF';
V-WR^0B0^\$$@2

M(DH+;RA`+*
5B+`




R?W?1[P
MK+:&HE&QH6\@!JH].


7+;MMUS6
M?*EN



M@+\RL59
U-NCI:2$+_3ASQ#%P99%-)5;R:!Q2^Y+-TNW?)G('1W&%P7WTN
MKBE;(5]6R2+/CO7];OLF:%W

^AE

7#N-[0F

=)7RVR&HPFU!)'J8QV4IKU3'%D&&1U8U2AE(


ADTF[W;@W










M&*)5Q:CUMR
FB$XF6M:A5&'

[:1








9I


$DB7


M



$W[=3MI/8;1B





B+(
/TK)


6:+L=F$TAJ7
$YE/R4\P
MDEQ*T(9PDP3'=GDAZ
YV40&J;8YEK=)T5:$OEI$
05W:5TWA4JBLX/`XO-)+
M.78=



MDTJWI)H.+





M




MC/M;]S_\'\N'WZ^B/IGZ9_Z0^


I]JODOSCXGX/\`SWU=\@]Y_EO;P
2EW^C-

M$^9_'?W_`(W`^.AO]'3[@HOME\?]W_K?ESWWW:_-G]W?K7XZV/RD?5_Y@?\`
MK[WGL_5GTM\X_P`M\L][[O\`R/N

^EGV5^VGWZ
M^^?QGTT+[C_0'Y7O_7#Z5^E/=_4_P?\`P;X/X?YG_=]Q@1W&O]+C[;S[Z.^V









I'\@^V_P2/Z+N+ZR^KOBOM=]`_/)K]ZOJ_PO_P#$

C]Q/O]]U?H

MQ3[/?*_N9]?EZ_Z6^D?A/FO_1'S/X;Y;\-\=_U-\'[7_P#K^_P+,8#`8#`8
M#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`_
_]D_
`
end













 March 15










2009-12-31












2009-12-31












2009-12-31












2009-12-31












2009-12-31












2009-12-31









2010-01-01


2010-12-31












2010-01-01


2010-12-31












2010-01-01


2010-12-31












2010-01-01


2010-12-31












2010-01-01


2010-12-31












2010-01-01


2010-12-31












2010-01-01


2010-12-31












2010-01-01


2010-12-31












2010-01-01


2010-12-31












2010-01-01


2010-12-31












2010-01-01


2010-12-31












2010-01-01


2010-12-31












2010-01-01


2010-12-31












2010-01-01


2010-12-31









2010-12-31












2010-12-31












2010-12-31












2010-12-31












2010-12-31












2010-12-31












2010-12-31












2010-12-31












2010-12-31









2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31









2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31













2011-12-31













2011-12-31













2011-12-31













2011-12-31












2011-12-31













2011-12-31













2011-12-31












2011-12-31









2012-06-29









2012-09-01


2012-09-17









2012-09-01


2012-09-30









2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31









2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31













2012-12-31













2012-12-31













2012-12-31













2012-12-31












2012-12-31













2012-12-31













2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31









2013-03-15































































































































































































































































































































































































&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Medifast
 Inc. (the Company&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;Medifast&amp;#8221;) is a Delaware corporation, incorporated in 1989. The Company&amp;#8217;s operations are primarily conducted through six of its wholly owned subsidiaries, Jason Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Jason), Take Shape for Life, Inc. (&amp;#8220;TSFL&amp;#8221;), Jason Enterprises, Inc., Jason Properties, LLC, Medifast Franchise Systems, and Seven Crondall, LLC. The Company is engaged in the production, distribution, and sale of weight management and disease management products and other consumable health and diet products. Medifast, Inc.&amp;#8217;s product lines include weight and disease management, and meal replacement products manufactured in a modern, FDA approved facility in Owings Mills, Maryland.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;3. Financial Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Certain financial assets and liabilities are accounted for at fair value, which is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The following fair value hierarchy prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.25in; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Level 1 &amp;#8211; Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. Active markets are those in which transactions for the asset or liability occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.25in; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.25in; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Level 2 &amp;#8211; Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets included in level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date. Level 2 includes those financial instruments that are valued using models or other valuation methodologies.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.25in; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.25in; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Level 3 &amp;#8211; Pricing inputs include significant inputs that are generally less observable from objective sources. These inputs may be used with internally developed methodologies that result in management&amp;#8217;s best estimate of fair value from the perspective of a market participant.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The following table represents cash and the available-for-sale securities adjusted cost, gross unrealized gains, gross unrealized losses and fair value by significant investment category recorded as cash and cash equivalents or investment securities as of December 31, 2012 and 2011:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=26&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Unrealized &lt;br /&gt;Gains&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Unrealized&lt;br /&gt;Losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Accrued &lt;br /&gt;Interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Estimated &lt;br /&gt;FairValue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Cash &amp;amp; Cash&lt;br /&gt;Equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Investment&lt;br /&gt;Securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font
 style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 23%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;38,977,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;38,977,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;38,977,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Level 1:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size:
 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Money Market Accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;960,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;960,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;960,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Mutual Funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;234,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;13,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(1,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;246,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;246,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Corporate Equity Securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;1,853,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;489,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(46,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;2,296,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;2,296,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font
 style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Government &amp;amp; Agency Securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;7,004,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;180,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(3,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;34,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;7,215,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;7,215,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;10,051,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;682,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(50,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;34,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;10,717,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;960,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;9,757,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font
 style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Level 2:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Municipal Bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;4,197,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;124,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(4,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;27,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;4,344,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;4,344,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Corporate Bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;5,772,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;136,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(2,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;50,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;5,956,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size:
 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;5,956,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;9,969,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;260,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(6,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;77,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;10,300,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;10,300,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;58,997,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;942,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font
 style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(56,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;111,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;59,994,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;39,937,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;20,057,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=26&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Unrealized &lt;br /&gt;Gains&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Unrealized&lt;br /&gt;Losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Accrued &lt;br /&gt;Interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Estimated &lt;br /&gt;Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Cash &amp;amp; Cash&lt;br /&gt;Equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Investment&lt;br /&gt;Securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size:
 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 23%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;13,459,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;13,459,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;13,459,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Level 1:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size:
 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Money Market Accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;803,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;803,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;803,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Mutual Funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;755,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;17,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(8,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;764,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;764,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Corporate Equity Securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;1,319,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;270,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(37,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;1,552,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;1,552,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Government &amp;amp; Agency Securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td
 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;8,172,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;258,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(2,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;43,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;8,471,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;8,471,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;11,049,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;545,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(47,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;43,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;11,590,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;803,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;10,787,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr
 style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Level 2:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Municipal Bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;4,212,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;119,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;27,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;4,358,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;4,358,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Corporate Bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;4,317,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;44,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(15,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;47,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;4,393,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td
 style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;4,393,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;8,529,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;163,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(15,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;74,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;8,751,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;8,751,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;33,037,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;708,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td
 style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(62,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;117,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;33,800,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;14,262,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;19,538,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&lt;b&gt;4. INVENTORY&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Inventories consisted of the following at December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 70%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 70%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Raw Materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 12%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;5,318,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 12%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;4,591,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Packaging&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;1,614,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2,204,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Finished Goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;14,224,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;13,295,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Reserve for Obsolete Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(352,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(121,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td
 style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;20,804,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;19,969,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;5. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Property, plant, and equipment consisted of the following at December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 70%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 70%; color: black;&gt;Land&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 12%; color: black;&gt;650,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 12%; color: black;&gt;650,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Building and leasehold improvements&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;19,366,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;14,999,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Equipment and fixtures&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;51,511,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;47,657,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;Vehicle&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;147,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;170,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;71,674,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;63,476,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;Less accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;31,565,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;24,624,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;Property, plant and equipment- net&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;40,109,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;38,852,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Substantially all of the Company&amp;#8217;s property, plant and equipment are pledged as collateral for various loans (see Note 12).&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 27pt; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&lt;b&gt;6. TRADEMARKS AND INTANGIBLES &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s intangible assets and related accumulated amortization included the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=6&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;As of December 31, 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=6&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;As of December 31, 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Gross Carrying&lt;br /&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Accumulated&lt;br /&gt;Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Gross Carrying&lt;br /&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Accumulated&lt;br /&gt;Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Weighted-Avg.&lt;br /&gt;Amortization&lt;br /&gt;Period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc;
 vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 36%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Customer lists&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;235,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;206,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;235,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;128,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;3 years &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Trademarks, patents, and copyrights&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;2,437,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;2,038,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;2,440,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;1,544,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;4 years &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;2,672,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;2,244,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times
 size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;2,675,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;1,672,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 was as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 80%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 61%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Customer lists&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;78,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;78,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;50,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Trademarks, patents, and copyrights&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;494,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;378,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;241,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2
 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Total trademarks and intangibles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;572,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;456,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;291,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Amortization expense is included in selling, general and administrative expenses.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;The estimated future amortization expense of trademarks and intangible assets is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 50%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;For the years ending December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 72%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 25%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;428,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;7. ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED EXPENSES &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Accounts payable and accrued expenses consisted of the following at December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 80%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%; color: black;&gt;Trade payables&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; color: black;&gt;16,226,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; color: black;&gt;12,678,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Sales commissions payable&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;5,549,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;4,578,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Sales tax accrual&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;3,295,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;Accrued payroll and related taxes&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;3,151,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;1,574,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;28,221,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;18,830,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&lt;b&gt;8. LEASES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&lt;b&gt;Operating and Capital Leases:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;As of December 31, 2012, the Company leases office space for corporate offices, a distribution facility in Texas, a raw materials warehouse in Maryland, as well as eighty-seven corporate-operated Medifast Weight Control Centers under lease terms ranging from five to ten years. Monthly payments under the Medifast Weight Control Centers leases range in price from $1,500 to $5,000. The Company is additionally required to pay property taxes, utilities, insurance and other costs relating to the leased facilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;The Company leases large commercial printers for our printing operation that supports our sales channels and network equipment for information technology that are accounted for as capital leases. The leases extend through December 2016.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;The following table summarizes our future minimum rental and lease payments required under non-cancelable lease terms in excess of one year as of December 31, 2012:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Operating Leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Capital Leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 62%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;4,570,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;338,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;4,508,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;248,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;4,265,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2
 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;248,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;3,409,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;248,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;1,650,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;530,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Total minimum lease payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;18,932,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;1,082,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Less amount representing interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;83,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Present value of minimum lease payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align:
 left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;999,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;303,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Long-term portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;696,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&lt;b&gt;10. INCOME TAXES &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;The components of the income tax expense (benefit) are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 80%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 61%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;9,787,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2,347,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;9,688,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;132,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;777,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2,463,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Total
 Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;9,919,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;3,124,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;12,151,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(1,210,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;5,446,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(62,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(127,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;569,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(8,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color:
 #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Total Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(1,337,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;6,015,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(70,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Total Income Tax Expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;8,582,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;9,139,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;12,081,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Deferred tax assets (liabilities) consisted of the following at December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 80%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new
 roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 61%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Deferred Compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;301,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;314,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Reserves on inventory and sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;336,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;242,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;140,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Credit and loss carryforwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;692,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;545,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;178,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Stock compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;601,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2
 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;690,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;516,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;77,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Inventory Capitalization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;526,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;555,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Sales tax accrual&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;1,228,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 9pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;3,472,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2,159,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;1,310,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new
 roman
times&gt;Unrealized gain/loss on investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(333,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(250,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(145,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Prepaid expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(752,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(426,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(429,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(7,729,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(8,075,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(1,317,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Stock compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(105,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(109,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 9pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(8,919,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(8,860,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom:
 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(1,891,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(5,447,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(6,701,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(581,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;The differences between the United States federal statutory tax rate and the Company's effective tax rate are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=6&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=6&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=6&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 34%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Statutory federal tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;8,559,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td
 style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;9,688,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;11,093,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;State income taxes, net of federal benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;679,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;1,015,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;3.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;1,699,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;5.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Domestic manufacturer deduction&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(902,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-3.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(248,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(861,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-2.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;FTC settlement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td
 style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;1,389,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;5.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Other permanent differences&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(190,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;71,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;75,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Research and development and jobs credits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(267,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(336,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2
 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Other state income tax benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(686,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-2.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(1,051,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-3.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;75,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;8,582,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom:
 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;35.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;9,139,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;33.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;12,081,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;38.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.25in; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;The 2012 and 2011 effective tax rate is impacted by the Company&amp;#8217;s extensive state income tax planning.&amp;#160; This planning includes taking advantage of Maryland&amp;#8217;s apportionment methodology.&amp;#160; As a manufacturing entity based in Maryland, the Company utilizes the single sales factor apportionment method in addition to claiming new state jobs credits and research &amp;amp; development credits.&amp;#160; These benefits were offset by a $3.7 million FTC nondeductible settlement in 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&lt;b&gt;11. Share-based Compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;The Company has issued restricted stock to employees and nonemployee directors generally with terms ranging up to five years. The fair value is equal to the market price of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock on the date of grant. Expense for restricted stock is amortized ratably over the vesting period. The following table summarizes the restricted stock activity:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 60%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Weighed-Average &lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Grant Date Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 58%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Unvested at December 31, 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;455,256&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 20%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;7.08&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;15,770&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;17.46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(313,359&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;7.07&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 9pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(8,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;6.55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Unvested at December 31, 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt
 double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;149,667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;8.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;The total share-based compensation expense charged against income during the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011, and 2010 were $2,850,000, $2,524,000, and $2,678,000, respectively. Included in share-based compensation expense for 2012 is $633,000 for 24,000 shares of performance awards to be issued to certain key employees based on achieving 2012 financial plan.&amp;#160; The Company intends to issue additional performance awards in 2013 to certain key employees if certain 2013 financial plans are met.&amp;#160; During 2013, the Company issued 137,000 restricted stock awards to certain key employees to vest over 3 - 5 years commencing January 1, 2013.&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;The total income tax benefit recognized in the consolidated statement of income for these restricted stock awards was approximately $969,000, $986,000 and $1,044,000 for the years ending December 31, 2012, 2011, and 2010, respectively. The tax benefit recognized in additional paid-in capital upon vesting of restricted stock awards was approximately $1,265,000, $614,000 and $1,770,000 for the years ending December 31, 2012, 2011, 2010, respectively. There was approximately $1.2 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock awards as of December 31, 2012. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately 1.2 years.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;12. LONG-TERM DEBT AND LINE OF CREDIT &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;Long-term debt consisted of the following at December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 90%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;$3,000,000 ten-year term loan with Merrill Lynch at LIBOR plus 1.3%, approximately 1.51% at December 31, 2012.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Due 2017.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;2,225,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;2,375,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;$1,500,000 ten-year term loan with Merrill Lynch at LIBOR plus 1.3%, approximately 1.51% at December 31, 2012.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Due 2017.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;1,113,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;1,188,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;$2,600,000 three-year term loan with Bank of America at LIBOR plus 2%, and repaid in August 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;893,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;3,338,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;4,456,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;Less current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;225,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;1,119,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;3,113,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font
 size=2&gt;3,337,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;Total interest paid related to long-term debt was $62,000, $89,000, and $102,000 in 2012, 2011, and 2010, respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;Future principal payments on long-term debt are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 50%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-left: 1.5in; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 60%;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 37%;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;225,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;225,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;225,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;225,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;225,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;2,213,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;3,338,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;The Company has an unused $5,000,000 revolving line of credit with Bank of America at the LIBOR rate plus 1.75%, which was 1.96% at December 31, 2012. The agreement expires on June 30, 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&lt;b&gt;13. BUSINESS SEGMENTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Operating segments are components of an enterprise about which separate financial information is available that is regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision maker about how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. The Company has two reportable operating segments: Medifast, and MWCC and Wholesale. The Medifast reporting segment consists of the following distribution channels: Medifast Direct and Take Shape for Life. The MWCC and Wholesale segment consists of Medifast Corporate and Franchise Weight Control Centers as well as Medifast Wholesale Physicians.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Total assets and operating expense not identified with a specific segment are listed as &amp;#8220;Other&amp;#8221; and include items such as auditors&amp;#8217; fees, attorney&amp;#8217;s fees, stock compensation expense and corporate governance related to NYSE, Sarbanes Oxley and SEC regulations. Evaluation of the performance of operating segments is based on their respective income from operations before taxes. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those of the Company. The presentation and allocation of assets, liabilities and results of operations may not reflect the actual economic costs of the segments as stand-alone businesses. If a different basis of allocation were utilized, the relative contributions of the segments might differ, but management believes that the relative trends in segments would likely not be impacted.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;The following tables present segment information for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011, and 2010:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=14&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Year Ended December 31, 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Medifast&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;MWCC &amp;amp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Wholesale&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new
 roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 48%; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Revenues&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;300,511,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;56,195,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;356,706,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Cost of Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;74,984,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;13,687,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;88,671,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Selling, General and Administrative Expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;184,615,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;40,194,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;8,759,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;233,568,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Depreciation and Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;8,081,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new
 roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2,864,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;260,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;11,205,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Interest(net) and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;141,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;26,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(1,363,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(1,196,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Income before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;32,690,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(576,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(7,656,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;24,458,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2
 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Segment Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;86,944,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;14,610,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;28,697,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;130,251,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=14&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Year Ended December 31, 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Medifast&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;MWCC &amp;amp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Wholesale&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new
 roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 48%; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Revenues&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;259,191,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;38,998,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;298,189,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Cost of Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;63,888,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;9,805,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;73,693,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Selling, General and Administrative Expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;152,647,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;30,335,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;5,788,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color:
 black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;188,770,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Depreciation and Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;6,416,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;1,596,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;332,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;8,344,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Interest(net) and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;30,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(328,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(298,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Income before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;36,210,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(2,738,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(5,792,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times
 new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;27,680,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Segment Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;64,388,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;12,658,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;28,619,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;105,665,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=14&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Year Ended December 31, 2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Medifast&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;MWCC &amp;amp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Wholesale&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font
 size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 48%; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Revenues&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;229,879,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;27,673,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;257,552,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Cost of Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;58,795,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;6,288,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;65,083,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Selling, General and Administrative Expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new
 roman
times&gt;135,441,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;13,837,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;5,693,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;154,971,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Depreciation and Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;4,765,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;786,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;307,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;5,858,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Interest(net) and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;105,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(157,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(52,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Income before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;30,773,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td
 style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;6,762,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(5,843,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;31,692,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Segment Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;55,858,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;9,301,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;28,900,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;94,059,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-indent: -4.5pt; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;div&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
&lt;div&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
&lt;div&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
&lt;div&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
&lt;div&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Sales Returns and Doubtful Accounts - &lt;/b&gt;Accounts receivable are recorded net of reserves for sales returns and allowances, and net of provisions for doubtful accounts.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;We review the reserves for customer returns at each reporting period and adjust them to reflect data available at that time. To estimate reserves for returns, we consider actual return rates in preceding periods. To the extent the estimate of returns changes, we will adjust the reserve, which will impact the amount of product sales revenue recognized in the period of the adjustment. Our estimates for returns have not differed materially from our actual returns. The provision for estimated returns as of December 31, 2012 and 2011 was $300,000 and $234,000, respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
&lt;div&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
&lt;div&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income Taxes &amp;#8211; &lt;/b&gt;The benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which, based on all available evidence, management believes it is more-likely-than-not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes, if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above is reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;We evaluated our tax positions and determined that we did not have any material uncertain tax positions requiring recognition of a liability. Our policy is to recognize interest and penalties accrued on uncertain tax positions as part of income tax expense. For the years ending December 31, 2012 and 2011, no material estimated interest or penalties were recognized for the uncertainty of certain tax positions. We file income tax returns in the United States and various states jurisdictions. With few exceptions, we are no longer subject to U.S. federal, state and local income tax examinations by tax authorities for the years before 2009.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
&lt;div&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&lt;b&gt;Operating Leases -&lt;/b&gt; Medifast leases retail stores, distribution facilities, and office space under operating leases. Many of our lease agreements contain tenant improvement allowances, rent holidays, rent escalation clauses, and contingent rent provisions. The Company recognizes incentives and minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases. We commence recording rent expense on the date of initial possession, which is generally when we enter the space and begin to make improvements to properties for our intended use. For tenant improvement allowances and rent holidays, we record a deferred rent liability on the consolidated balance sheets and amortize the deferred rent over the terms of the leases as reductions to rent expense on the consolidated statements of income.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
&lt;div&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property, Plant, and Equipment - &lt;/b&gt;Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. The Company computes depreciation and amortization using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets acquired as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 60%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-left: 0.5in; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; width: 40%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Building and building improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; width: 20%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;10 - 35 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Equipment and fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;3 - 15 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Leasehold Improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Lease term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;The depreciation life for leasehold improvements is the lesser of the estimated useful life of the addition or the term of the related lease.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;The carrying amount of all long-lived assets is evaluated periodically to determine whether adjustment to the useful life or to the unamortized balance is warranted. Such evaluation is based principally on the expected utilization of the long-lived assets and the projected undiscounted cash flows of the operations in which the long-lived assets are used.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; background-color: white; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; background-color: white; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
&lt;div&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
&lt;div&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
&lt;div&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings per Share &lt;/b&gt;- Basic earnings per share (&amp;#8220;EPS&amp;#8221;) computations are calculated utilizing the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the periods presented. Diluted EPS is calculated utilizing the weighted average number of common shares outstanding adjusted for the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted EPS for the fiscal years ended December 31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 80%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-left: 0.5in; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Numerator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; width: 61%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;15,876,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;18,541,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;19,611,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new
 roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Denominator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;13,721,997&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;13,965,018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;14,082,213&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Effect of dilutive common stock equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;17,827&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;233,477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;490,708&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;13,739,824&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td
 style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;14,198,495&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;14,572,921&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;EPS:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;1.16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;1.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;1.39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;1.16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;1.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;1.35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
&lt;div&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
&lt;div&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;We have considered all new accounting pronouncements and have concluded that there are no new pronouncements that may have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows, based on current information, except for Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;) 2013-02, Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;The Company computes depreciation and amortization using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets acquired as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 60%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-left: 0.5in; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; width: 40%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Building and building improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; width: 20%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;10 - 35 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Equipment and fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;3 - 15 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Leasehold Improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Lease term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;; font-family:times new roman
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted EPS for the fiscal years ended December 31:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 80%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;The following table represents cash and the available-for-sale securities adjusted cost, gross unrealized gains, gross unrealized losses and fair value by significant investment category recorded as cash and cash equivalents or investment securities as of December 31, 2012 and 2011:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=26&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Unrealized &lt;br /&gt;Gains&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Unrealized&lt;br /&gt;Losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Accrued &lt;br /&gt;Interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Estimated &lt;br /&gt;FairValue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Cash &amp;amp; Cash&lt;br /&gt;Equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Investment&lt;br /&gt;Securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;;
 font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 23%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;38,977,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;38,977,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;38,977,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size:
 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Level 1:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Money Market Accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;960,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;960,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td
 style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;960,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Mutual Funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;234,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;13,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;(1,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;246,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;246,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Corporate Equity Securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;1,853,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;489,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;(46,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;2,296,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;;
 font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;2,296,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Government &amp;amp; Agency Securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;7,004,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;180,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;(3,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;34,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;7,215,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;7,215,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;10,051,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;682,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;(50,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;34,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times
 size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;10,717,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;960,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;9,757,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Level 2:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new
 roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Municipal Bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;4,197,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;124,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;(4,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;27,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;4,344,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;4,344,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Corporate Bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;5,772,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;136,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;(2,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;;
 font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;50,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;5,956,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;5,956,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;9,969,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;260,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;(6,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;77,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;10,300,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;10,300,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times
 size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;58,997,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;942,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;(56,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;111,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;59,994,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;39,937,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times
 size=2&gt;20,057,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=26&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Unrealized &lt;br /&gt;Gains&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Unrealized&lt;br /&gt;Losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Accrued &lt;br /&gt;Interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Estimated &lt;br /&gt;Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Cash &amp;amp; Cash&lt;br /&gt;Equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Investment&lt;br /&gt;Securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size:
 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 23%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;13,459,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;13,459,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;13,459,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td
 style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Level 1:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Money Market Accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;803,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;803,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;;
 font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;803,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Mutual Funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;755,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;17,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;(8,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;764,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;764,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Corporate Equity Securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;1,319,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;270,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;(37,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;1,552,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td
 style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;1,552,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Government &amp;amp; Agency Securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;8,172,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;258,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;(2,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;43,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;8,471,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;8,471,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;11,049,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;545,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;(47,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;43,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new
 roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;11,590,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;803,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;10,787,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Level 2:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font
 style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Municipal Bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;4,212,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;119,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;27,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;4,358,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;4,358,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Corporate Bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;4,317,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;44,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;(15,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td
 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;47,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;4,393,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;4,393,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;8,529,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;163,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;(15,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;74,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;8,751,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;8,751,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times
 size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;33,037,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;708,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;(62,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;117,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;33,800,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;14,262,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td
 style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;19,538,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Inventories consisted of the following at December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 70%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Property, plant, and equipment consisted of the following at December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 70%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s intangible assets and related accumulated amortization included the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=6&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;As of December 31, 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=6&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;As of December 31, 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Gross Carrying&lt;br /&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Accumulated&lt;br /&gt;Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Gross Carrying&lt;br /&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Accumulated&lt;br /&gt;Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Weighted-Avg.&lt;br /&gt;Amortization&lt;br /&gt;Period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 36%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Customer lists&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size:
 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;235,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;206,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;235,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;128,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;3 years &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Trademarks, patents, and copyrights&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;2,437,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;2,038,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;2,440,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;1,544,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;4 years &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;2,672,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;2,244,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt
 double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;2,675,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;1,672,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 was as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 80%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 61%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Customer lists&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;78,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;78,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;50,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Trademarks, patents, and copyrights&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;494,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;378,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;241,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Total trademarks and intangibles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;572,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td
 style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;456,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;291,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;The estimated future amortization expense of trademarks and intangible assets is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 50%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;For the years ending December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 72%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 25%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;428,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Accounts payable and accrued expenses consisted of the following at December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 80%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Trade payables&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;16,226,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;12,678,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Sales commissions payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;5,549,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;4,578,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Sales tax accrual&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;3,295,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Accrued payroll and related taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;3,151,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;1,574,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;28,221,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;18,830,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;The following table summarizes our future minimum rental and lease payments required under non-cancelable lease terms in excess of one year as of December 31, 2012:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Operating Leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Capital Leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 62%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;4,570,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;338,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;4,508,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;248,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;4,265,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;248,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;3,409,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;248,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new; size=2&gt;1,650,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;530,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Total minimum lease payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;18,932,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;1,082,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Less amount representing interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;83,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Present value of minimum lease payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;999,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;303,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Long-term portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;696,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;div style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;The components of the income tax expense (benefit) are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 80%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 61%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;9,787,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2,347,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;9,688,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;132,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;777,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2,463,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Total Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;9,919,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2
 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;3,124,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;12,151,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(1,210,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;5,446,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(62,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(127,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;569,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(8,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Total Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2
 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(1,337,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;6,015,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(70,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Total Income Tax Expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;8,582,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;9,139,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;12,081,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Deferred tax assets (liabilities) consisted of the following at December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 80%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 61%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Deferred Compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;301,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;314,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Reserves on inventory and sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;336,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;242,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;140,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Credit and loss carryforwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;692,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;545,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td
 style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;178,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Stock compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;601,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;690,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;516,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;77,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Inventory Capitalization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;526,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;555,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Sales tax accrual&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;1,228,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 9pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;3,472,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2,159,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align:
 left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;1,310,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Unrealized gain/loss on investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(333,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(250,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(145,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Prepaid expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(752,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(426,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(429,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(7,729,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(8,075,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(1,317,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Stock compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(105,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2
 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(109,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 9pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(8,919,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(8,860,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(1,891,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(5,447,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(6,701,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(581,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;The differences between the United States federal statutory tax rate and the Company's effective tax rate are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=6&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=6&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=6&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 34%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Statutory federal tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;8,559,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;9,688,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;11,093,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 8%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;State income taxes, net of federal benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;679,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;1,015,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;3.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;1,699,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new
 roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;5.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Domestic manufacturer deduction&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(902,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-3.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(248,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(861,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-2.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;FTC settlement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;1,389,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;5.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Other permanent differences&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(190,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;71,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new
 roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;75,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Research and development and jobs credits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(267,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(336,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Other state income tax benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(686,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-2.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(1,051,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-3.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom:
 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;75,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;8,582,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;35.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;9,139,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;33.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;12,081,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;38.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;The following table summarizes the restricted stock activity:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Weighed-Average &lt;/font&gt;&lt;br  /&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Grant Date Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 58%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Unvested at December 31, 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;455,256&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 20%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;7.08&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;15,770&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;17.46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;(313,359&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;7.07&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;(8,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;6.55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Unvested at December 31, 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;149,667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;8.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Long-term debt consisted of the following at December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 90%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$3,000,000 ten-year term loan with Merrill Lynch at LIBOR plus 1.3%, approximately 1.51% at December 31, 2012.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Due 2017.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2,225,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2,375,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$1,500,000 ten-year term loan with Merrill Lynch at LIBOR plus 1.3%, approximately 1.51% at December 31, 2012.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Due 2017.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;1,113,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;1,188,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$2,600,000 three-year term loan with Bank of America at LIBOR plus 2%, and repaid in August 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;893,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;3,338,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;4,456,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align:
 left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Less current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;225,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;1,119,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;3,113,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;3,337,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Future principal payments on long-term debt are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 50%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-left: 1.5in; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 60%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 37%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;225,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;225,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;225,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;225,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;225,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2,213,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;3,338,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;The following tables present segment information for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011, and 2010:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=14&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Year Ended December 31, 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Medifast&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;MWCC &amp;amp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Wholesale&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 48%; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Revenues&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;300,511,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;56,195,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;356,706,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Cost of Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new
 roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;74,984,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;13,687,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;88,671,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Selling, General and Administrative Expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;184,615,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;40,194,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;8,759,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;233,568,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Depreciation and Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;8,081,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;2,864,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;260,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;11,205,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Interest(net) and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;141,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;
 color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;26,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(1,363,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(1,196,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Income before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;32,690,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(576,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(7,656,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;24,458,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Segment Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;86,944,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font
 size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;14,610,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;28,697,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;130,251,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=14&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Year Ended December 31, 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Medifast&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;MWCC &amp;amp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Wholesale&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 48%; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Revenues&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;259,191,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;38,998,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2
 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;298,189,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Cost of Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;63,888,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;9,805,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;73,693,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Selling, General and Administrative Expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;152,647,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;30,335,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;5,788,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;188,770,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Depreciation and Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;6,416,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;1,596,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;332,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;8,344,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;
 color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Interest(net) and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;30,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(328,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(298,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Income before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;36,210,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(2,738,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(5,792,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;27,680,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;
 padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Segment Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;64,388,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;12,658,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;28,619,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;105,665,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=14&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Year Ended December 31, 2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Medifast&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;MWCC &amp;amp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Wholesale&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 48%; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Revenues&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td
 style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;229,879,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;27,673,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;257,552,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Cost of Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;58,795,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;6,288,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;65,083,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Selling, General and Administrative Expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;135,441,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;13,837,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;5,693,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;154,971,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Depreciation and Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;4,765,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td
 style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;786,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;307,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;5,858,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Interest(net) and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;105,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(157,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(52,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Income before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;30,773,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;6,762,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;(5,843,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;31,692,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align:
 right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;Segment Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;55,858,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;9,301,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;28,900,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;94,059,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-indent: -4.5pt; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&lt;b&gt;9. CONTINGENCIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;On July 20, 2012, Jason Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, signed a proposed consent decree with the Federal Trade Commission (&amp;#8220;FTC&amp;#8221;), in response to the FTC&amp;#8217;s investigation of certain statements in the Company&amp;#8217;s advertising for its weight-loss programs. On September 17, 2012 the consent decree was entered and approved by the United States District Court for the District of Columbia. The consent decree replaces a previous consent order entered into by Jason Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the FTC in 1992. The FTC expressed concern that some of the Company&amp;#8217;s advertising contained claims which were not compatible with current standards for substantiation. Pursuant to the consent decree, the Company agreed to modify certain advertising claims in this regard and agreed to ensure that its clinical studies meet the protocol contained in the consent agreement. The Company paid a civil penalty of $3.7 million to resolve the FTC&amp;#8217;s concerns and avoid protracted legal proceedings.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;On April 1, 2011, a shareholder derivative complaint titled Shane Rothenberger, derivatively on behalf of Medifast, Inc., v. Bradley T. MacDonald et al. (Civil Action 2011-CV 863 [BEL]); and on April 11, 2011, a shareholder derivative complaint titled James A. Thompson, derivatively on behalf of Medifast, Inc., v. Bradley T. MacDonald et al. (Civil Action 2011-CV934 [BEL]) were filed in the U.S. District Court, District of Maryland. The similarly worded complaints allege breach of fiduciary duties, unjust enrichment, abuse of control, gross mismanagement, and waste of corporate assets. Each complaint requests an unspecified amount of damages, a Court Order directing reformation of corporate governance,&amp;#160;restitution to the Company and payment of costs and disbursements. The Company is named as a nominal defendant. On July 19, 2011, the U.S. District Judge ordered consolidation of the two cases, appointment of co-lead counsel, and the filing of a consolidated complaint, among other matters. No consolidated complaint has been filed, and therefore no response is due from the Company at this time. After the consolidated complaint is filed, the Company intends to take whatever action it deems necessary to protect its interests.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;On March 17, 2011, a putative class action complaint titled Oren Proter et al. v. Medifast, Inc. et al. (Civil Action 2011-CV-720[BEL]), alleging violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the &amp;#8220;Exchange Act&amp;#8221;), and Rule 10b-5 promulgated under the Exchange Act, was filed for an unspecified amount of damages in the U.S. District Court, District of Maryland. The complaint alleges that the defendants made false and/or misleading statements and failed to disclose material adverse facts regarding the Company&amp;#8217;s business, operations and prospects. On March 24, 2011, a putative class action complaint titled Fred Greenberg v. Medifast, Inc., et al (Civil Action 2011-CV776 [BEL], alleging violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 promulgated under the Exchange Act, was filed for an unspecified amount of damages in the U.S. District Court, District of Maryland. The complaint alleges that the defendants made false and/or misleading statements and failed to disclose material adverse facts regarding the Company&amp;#8217;s business, operations and prospects. On July 19, 2011, the U.S. District Judge ordered the consolidation of the cases and appointment of co-lead counsel among other matters. The Greenberg case was dismissed without prejudice. The Plaintiffs subsequently filed an Amended Complaint. The Company has reviewed these allegations, and subsequently filed a Motion to Dismiss which is currently pending.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;The Company filed a civil complaint on February 17, 2010 in the U.S. District Court (SD, Cal) against Barry Minkow and the Fraud Discovery Institute, Inc. (collectively, &amp;#8220;Minkow&amp;#8221;), iBusiness Reporting, and its editor William Lobdell, Tracy Coenen and Sequence, Inc. (collectively, &amp;#8220;Coenan&amp;#8221;), &amp;#8220;Zee Yourself&amp;#8221;, and Robert L. Fitzpatrick (&amp;#8220;FitzPatrick&amp;#8221;) for defamation and violations of California Corporation Code Sections 25400 et seq. and 17200 et seq., alleging a scheme of market manipulation of Medifast stock for Defendants&amp;#8217; monetary gain, by damaging the business reputation of Medifast and its meal replacement weight loss products. Bradley T. MacDonald, former Executive Chairman of Medifast, who was also a significant shareholder of the Company, joined the lawsuit individually. The lawsuit seeks $270.0 million in compensatory damages, punitive damages, and ancillary relief. In March 2011, the District Court granted in part and denied in part certain SLAPP Motions (i.e. motions to dismiss) previously filed by all Defendants. The Company continues prosecution of this civil lawsuit and has appealed that portion of the District Court&amp;#8217;s ruling which dismissed its defamation claims against Minkow and Coenan. The appeal remains pending in the 9&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt; Circuit Court of Appeals.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;In early 2010, the Chapter 7 Bankruptcy Trustee for Go Fig,
 Inc. et al., Debtors, filed an adversary civil proceeding in the US Bankruptcy Court (ED, Missouri) against Jason Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a subsidiary of the Company, and other unrelated entities seeking to recover, as to each, alleged preferential payments. Jason Pharmaceuticals sold product received by the Debtors and has previously filed a pending claim in the same bankruptcy. Medifast disputed the Trustee&amp;#8217;s allegations. This action was by Court order placed on hold while the Trustee litigated similar issues against another party. This matter was recently settled by Jason Pharmaceuticals, Inc. for $6,500. Upon court approval of the settlement, all matters related to this case will be resolved.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Significant accounting policies followed in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Principles of Consolidation &lt;/b&gt;- The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries, Jason Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Take Shape For Life, Inc., Seven Crondall Associates, LLC, Jason Properties, LLC, Medifast Franchise Systems, Inc. and Jason Enterprises, Inc. All inter-Company transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/b&gt; &amp;#8211; The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/b&gt; - Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on deposit in financial institutions, institutional money funds and other short-term investments with a maturity of 90 days or less at the time of purchase.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Concentration of Credit Risk&lt;/b&gt; &amp;#8211; Our cash and cash equivalents and available-for-sale securities are maintained at several financial institutions, and the balances with these financial institutions often exceed the amount of insurance provided on such accounts by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The cash and cash equivalents generally are maintained with financial institutions with reputable credit, and therefore bear minimal credit risk. Historically, we have not experienced any losses due to such concentration of credit risk.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments - &lt;/b&gt;Our financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, investment in available-for-sale securities, trade receivables and debt. The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, and trade receivables approximate fair value due to their short maturities. The fair values of investment in available-for-sale securities are based on dealer quotes. The Company believes that its indebtedness approximates fair value based on current yields for debt instruments with similar terms.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Sales Returns and Doubtful Accounts - &lt;/b&gt;Accounts receivable are recorded net of reserves for sales returns and allowances, and net of provisions for doubtful accounts.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;We review the reserves for customer returns at each reporting period and adjust them to reflect data available at that time. To estimate reserves for returns, we consider actual return rates in preceding periods. To the extent the estimate of returns changes, we will adjust the reserve, which will impact the amount of product sales revenue recognized in the period of the adjustment. Our estimates for returns have not differed materially from our actual returns. The provision for estimated returns as of December 31, 2012 and 2011 was $300,000 and $234,000, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Allowances for doubtful accounts are based primarily on an analysis of aged accounts receivable balances and the credit worthiness of our customers as determined by credit checks and analysis, as well as customer payment history. The allowance for doubtful accounts as of December 31, 2012 and 2011 was $242,000 and $270,000, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventory - &lt;/b&gt;Inventories consist principally of packaged meal replacements held in the Company&amp;#8217;s warehouses. Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or market, utilizing the first-in, first-out method. The cost of finished goods includes the cost of raw materials, packaging supplies, direct and indirect labor and other indirect manufacturing costs. On a quarterly basis, management reviews inventory for unsalable or obsolete inventory.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Investment Securities &amp;#8211;&lt;/b&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s investments consist of debt and equity securities classified as available-for-sale securities. Available-for-sale securities are stated at fair value, and unrealized holding gains and losses, net of the related deferred tax effect, are reported as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income in stockholders' equity. Interest and dividends on marketable debt and equity securities are recognized in income when declared. Realized gains and losses, including losses from declines in value of specific securities determined by management to be other-than-temporary, if any, are included in income.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income Taxes &amp;#8211; &lt;/b&gt;The benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which, based on all available evidence, management believes it is more-likely-than-not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes, if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above is reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;We evaluated our tax positions and determined that we did not have any material uncertain tax positions requiring recognition of a liability. Our policy is to recognize interest and penalties accrued on uncertain tax positions as part of income tax expense. For the years ending December 31, 2012 and 2011, no material estimated interest or penalties were recognized for the uncertainty of certain tax positions. We file income tax returns in the United States and various states jurisdictions. With few exceptions, we are no longer subject to U.S. federal, state and local income tax examinations by tax authorities for the years before 2009.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Advertising Costs - &lt;/b&gt;Advertising costs are expensed as incurred, except for the preparation, layout, design and production of advertising costs which are expensed when the advertisement is first used. Advertising expense for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011, and 2010, amounted to $31 million, $27 million, and $23 million, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Operating Leases -&lt;/b&gt; Medifast leases retail stores, distribution facilities, and office space under operating leases. Many of our lease agreements contain tenant improvement allowances, rent holidays, rent escalation clauses, and contingent rent provisions. The Company recognizes incentives and minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases. We commence recording rent expense on the date of initial possession, which is generally when we enter the space and begin to make improvements to properties for our intended use. For tenant improvement allowances and rent holidays, we record a deferred rent liability on the consolidated balance sheets and amortize the deferred rent over the terms of the leases as reductions to rent expense on the consolidated statements of income.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;For scheduled rent escalation clauses during the lease terms or for rental payments commencing at a date other than the date of initial occupancy, we record minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases on the consolidated statements of income. Several leases provide for contingent rents, which are determined as a percentage of gross sales in excess of specified levels. We record a contingent rent liability on the consolidated balance sheets and the corresponding rent expense when we determine achieving the specified levels is probable.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Clinic Opening Costs - &lt;/b&gt;Clinic opening costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property, Plant, and Equipment - &lt;/b&gt;Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. The Company computes depreciation and amortization using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets acquired as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 60%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-left: 0.5in; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; width: 40%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Building and building improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; width: 20%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;10 - 35 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Equipment and fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;3 - 15 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Leasehold Improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Lease term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The depreciation life for leasehold improvements is the lesser of the estimated useful life of the addition or the term of the related lease.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The carrying amount of all long-lived assets is evaluated periodically to determine whether adjustment to the useful life or to the unamortized balance is warranted. Such evaluation is based principally on the expected utilization of the long-lived assets and the projected undiscounted cash flows of the operations in which the long-lived assets are used.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; background-color: white; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; background-color: white; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Intangible Assets - &lt;/b&gt;The Company has acquired certain intangible assets which include customer lists, trademarks, patents, and copyrights. The customer lists are being amortized over a 3-year period based on management&amp;#8217;s best estimate of the expected useful life. The costs of trademarks, patents and copyrights are amortized over 2 to 7 years based on their estimated useful life.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenue Recognition - &lt;/b&gt;Revenue is recognized net of discounts, rebates, promotional adjustments, price adjustments, and estimated returns and upon transfer of title and risk to the customer which occurs at shipping (F.O.B. terms). Upon shipment, the Company has no further performance obligations and collection is reasonably assured as the majority of sales are paid prior to shipping. Medifast Weight Control Centers program fees are recognized over the estimated service period.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs &lt;/b&gt;- Our shipping and handling costs for shipments of our product to our customers are included in cost of sales. All shipping and handling charges that are billed to customers are included in net revenue. All other shipping and handling costs are included in selling, general and administration expenses.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings per Share &lt;/b&gt;- Basic earnings per share (&amp;#8220;EPS&amp;#8221;) computations are calculated utilizing the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the periods presented. Diluted EPS is calculated utilizing the weighted average number of common shares outstanding adjusted for the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted EPS for the fiscal years ended December 31:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 80%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-left: 0.5in; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;2010&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;Numerator:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; width: 61%;&gt;Net income&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;15,876,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;18,541,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;19,611,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;Denominator:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;13,721,997&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;13,965,018&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;14,082,213&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Effect of dilutive common stock equivalents&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;17,827&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;233,477&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;490,708&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;13,739,824&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;14,198,495&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;14,572,921&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;EPS:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;Basic&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1.16&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1.33&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1.39&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Diluted&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;1.16&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;1.31&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;1.35&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-indent: 24.5pt; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Share-Based Compensation - &lt;/b&gt;Share-based compensation, primarily restricted stock awards to employees and directors, is measured at the grant date, based on the calculated fair value of the award, and is recognized as an expense over the requisite service period.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Comprehensive Income (Loss) - &lt;/b&gt;Other comprehensive income (loss) refers to revenues, expenses, gains and losses that are not included in net income but rather are recorded directly in stockholders&amp;#8217; equity. Comprehensive income (loss) consists of net income and unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;We have considered all new accounting pronouncements and have concluded that there are no new pronouncements that may have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows, based on current information, except for Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;) 2013-02, Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

 'defref_med_ScheduleOfInventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterials'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetailRelatedInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_OperatingAndCapitalLeasesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_OperatingAndCapitalLeasesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPortionOfMinimumLeasePaymentsSaleLeasebackTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PresentValueOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsSaleLeasebackTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfAdditionalSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardExpirationTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_AccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesAndExciseTaxPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_OrganizationConsolidatedAndPresentationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityIncorporationDateOfIncorporation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ScheduleOfCapitalizationLongtermDebtLineOfCreditLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ScheduleOfCapitalizationLongtermDebtLineOfCreditLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentDescriptionOfVariableRateBasis'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ScheduleOfCapitalizationLongtermDebtLineOfCreditLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentDescriptionOfVariableRateBasis'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ScheduleOfCapitalizationLongtermDebtLineOfCreditLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentDescriptionOfVariableRateBasis'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 70%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ScheduleOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ScheduleOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ScheduleOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndAvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableforsaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedGain'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedLosses1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndAvailableForSaleSecuritiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentOwnedAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableforsaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedGain'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedLosses1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentOwnedAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableforsaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedGain'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedLosses1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentOwnedAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableforsaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedGain'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedLosses1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentOwnedAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableforsaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedGain'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedLosses1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentOwnedAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableforsaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedGain'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedLosses1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentOwnedAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableforsaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedGain'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedLosses1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentOwnedAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableforsaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedGain'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedLosses1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentOwnedAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableforsaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedGain'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedLosses1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentOwnedAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableforsaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedGain'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedLosses1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentOwnedAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_StatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationDeductionsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseResearchAndDevelopment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxContingenciesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCreditsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseResearchAndDevelopment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxContingenciesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCreditsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCredits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_OperatingAndCapitalLeasesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquipmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_OperatingAndCapitalLeasesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ControlCentersLeasesTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ControlCentersLeasesRangePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_OperatingAndCapitalLeasesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ControlCentersLeasesTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ControlCentersLeasesRangePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 60%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; background-color: white; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; background-color: white; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 80%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-indent: 24.5pt; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7
@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7



M830V8F4P







T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


M(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T]

T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@



T0B5V]R:W-H

241!5$5$7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?0T%3

T0B5V]R


#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(

O4VAE970Q
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC


O4VAE970Q
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\

04Y47T%.1%]%455)4$U%3E0\+W@Z3F%M93X-






M971S+U-H965T




#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS
M:&5E='


M968]
#I.86UE/@T*
M(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E='
O4VAE
M970R

#I.86UE/E-U;6UA<GE?;V9?4VEG;FEF











O4VAE970R-2YH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS





M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7





O4VAE970S
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E
M9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T






M=6UM87)Y7V]F7U-I9VYI9FEC86YT7T%C8V]U;G0S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@


T

&-E






























\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@(`\























;VYG5&5R;5]$96)T7V%N9%]
:6YE7V]F





;VYG5&5R;5]$96)T7V%N9%]
:6YE

M968]


O







]
T1T

M;CTS1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S


S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`Q-2P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R














]
T1T


M







]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^16YT:71Y($-E;G1R86P@26YD97@@2V5Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XP
#`P.3$P


M;!996%R($5N9!$871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X
M=#XM+3$R+3










M/3-$=&5X=#Y997






]



]

]
M

]

]



]

]
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@


CDW-#4-




2P@
C`Q


#$Q/&)R







]

#0L
#`P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M


]

C`L.#`T+#`P


]
T1R

M;7`^
C`L
#4W+#`P





]
T1N=6UP/C4L-#
T
M+#`P

]

]
T1N=6UP/C
L
CDV+#`P
#QS


M9VX]





T1T;W`^5&]T86P@8W5R

]
T1N=6UP/C@X
M+#4W-2PP


RPY.#8L



M
3`Y+#`P


]

C@L
#`P

M
2PP
#
L




]
T1N=6UP/C$L.#(T+#`P


($%34T544SPO


M9VX]










]
T1N=6UP/C$L-#(V
M+#`P


\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


#`P/'-P86X^



]



]






#`\


M1&YU;7`^
SDL-#8U+#`P


]









#QS

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K.R!P87(@=F%L=64@)XP


M
3`L

3
L-S8W+#
X


]




M9VX]



]


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

M
C8L-3`X+#`P


M

M;7`^-S
L-#`R+#`P





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`U+#8V-2PP


U]B-68Y






]


M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\

M=V%N8V4@9F]R('-A;&5S(')E='5R;G
@86YD(&1O=6)T9G5L(&%C8V]U;G1S

BPP




]








]


]
T1N=6UP/C`\




]
T1N=6UP/B0@



#`L

C`L
#`P+#`P
M

]



T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&EN('1R96%S=7)Y

]
T1N=6UP/C$L-C`X

MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

C4W
F5?.#@T8E\T8V0S7V(U9CE?86$T-F)E
#(Y-S0U
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V$U93(U-S)E7S@X-&)?
M-&-D

#0N:'1M





$5%





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
#QB

]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
CDX+#$X.2PP




]
T1N=6UP
M/C8U+#`X
RPP


S4L

C(T+#0Y-BPP


M

]




]



]
T1N=6UP
M/C
Q+#8T


]

]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C@Y-2PP
#`\

M
2PP

M1&YU;3XH
C(R+#`P


]


]
T1N
M=6UP/C4R+#`P


]

]

M86QI9VX]

\+W1D/@T*

]
T1N=6UP/CDL
3
Y+#`P
#QS

]



]










]


T1T;W`^0F%S:6




T1T;W`^1&EL

]
T1N=6UP



M8F4P




^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@

SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3@L-30Q+#`P



T1T



]
T1N
M=6UP/C@Q+#`P




34V+#`P





M830V8F4P

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O



M5$5-14Y44R!/1B!#2$%.1T53($E.(%-43T-+2$]

M1!!0T-5355,051%1!/5$A%4B!#3TU04D5(14Y3259%($E.0T]-12`H55-$


]
T1T:#Y!9&1I

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4F5T86EN960@16%R;FEN9W



M/3-$=&]P/D)A;&%N8V4@870@1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`P.3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@






2P@
C`P.3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


]


]



T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&ES


]

34P
M+#`P

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$U


]

]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

























I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\

M-BPU









]
T1N=6T^*#
U+#`P










3$L




3DL-C$Q+#`P


]



]

]
T1N=6UP/C@Q+#`P


]


]
T1N=6UP/C@Q+#`P





]



]
T1N=6UP/C


]
T1N=6T^*#
L
S4U+#`P


]


M1&YU;7`^
34L-#
Q+#$P


]


]

]
M


BPU
C0L



BPU
C0L



]






I















]
T1N
M=6T^*#(P+#
X.2PP

C`L
S@Y+#`P


]









]
M
T1N=6UP/C$X+#4T
2PP








34V+#`P


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$U-BPP




S$L(#(P


]
M
T1N=6UP/C
Y-BPP

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R
RPW-#0L



]

N(#




















M97










]
T1R

M1&YU;3XH
BPW-C0L


]


]



]





34W+#`P


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$U-RPP


S
L
M








]
T1N=6UP/B0@.3`L-S@V+#`P




S0L


#@L


]

N(#







M835E
C4W
F5?.#@T8E\T8V0S7V(U9CE?86$T-F)E

M='
O4VAE970P-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R

241!5$5$(%-4051%345.5%


]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]





]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3DL-C$Q+#`P


]

]


]



]






@;VX@:6YV97-T

]
T1N=6UP/C(P-2PP




M;7`^

M86QI9VX]







]

2PS



]


]
M


]








M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V-S$L



L


M/B@X+#
P
BPP


2PP
M-#4L




]
T1N=6UP/C$U

]


]

]
T1N=6UP/CDL
SDQ+#`P


]
T1N=6UP

S`R+#`P


]

M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+#$V.PP

S0T+#`P

]
T1R

C8T+#`P


#`\







#DL


]
T1N=6T^*#@L
SDP+#`P

M


]
T1N
M=6T^*#$T+#(W
RPP

3(L
#4U+#`P


]



]


M/B@Q-BPX-S0L












T1T;W`^
M4')O8V5E9'






2PT-#0L

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@X
S0L


]



BPP




]



]

M

]


]
T1N=6T^*#(L-S8T+#`P

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R,PS.#DL




MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+#DR-2PP,#`I/'-P86X^/]S


S
RPP


M259!3$5.5%





]
T1N=6UP/C$T+#(V
BPP

#`P/'-P86X^

3`L-C`T
M+#`P

]





38U+#`P



]




C4L




]


]
T1T97AT


T1T



]
T1N=6UP/B0@











]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]



]


T0R/CQB/C$N


'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&UA<F=I;CH@

M9F]N=#H@


M97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M;&4]

N(AT:&4@(D-O;7!A;GDF(S@R,C$[(&]R
M(8C.#(R

M-SMS(&]P97)A=&EO;G






3$
L($UE9&EF





'!T



M86XL=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

'!X.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97















]

M:60]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





]
T1T
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&UA<F=I;CH@
M












M5&%K92!3:&%P92!&;W(@3&EF92P@26YC+BP@4V5V96X@0W)O;F1A;&P@07-S

3$
L($UE9&EF87-T


@86YD(&)A
M;&%N8V5S(&AA=F4@8F5E;B!E;&EM:6YA=&5D(&EN(&-O;G-O;&ED871I;VXN


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L





M;6%T97




@
M870@=&AE(&1A=&4@;V8@=&AE(&9I;F%N8VEA;!S=&%T96UE;G1S(&%N9!R

@8V]U;&0@


M
'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97






M:79A;&5N='





'!X.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M)B
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I




M;G
@;V9T96X@97AC965D('1H92!A;6]U;G0@;V8@:6YS=7)A;F-E('!R;W9I
M9&5D(&]N('-U8V@@86-C;W5N='


@=VET:!R97!U=&%B;&4@8W)E9&ET+!A;F0@=&AE


'!X.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M)B
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I




@


@;V8@8V%S


M='5R:71I97


@9F]R(&1E8G0@:6YS=')U;65N='






@









L('=E('=I

#`L





@9F]R(&1O=6)T9G5L(&%C




M97



M


X
C$W.W
@:6YV97-T;65N='






@;F5W(')O

M;&4]


M96UE;G1S(&EN('1H92!P97)I;V0@9'5R:6YG('=H:6-H+!B87-E9!O;B!A










@=&AA=!W;W5L9!B92!P













N(%=E(&9I;&4@






M97








M(&5F9F5C='

@;VX@
#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!T




65A<G
@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
M
3(L(#(P
3$L(&%N9`R,#$P+!A;6]U;G1E9!T;R`D,S$@;6EL;&EO;BP@
M)#(W(&UI;&QI;VXL(&%N9`D
C

#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!T

M=&EM97


M96%S97




'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&UA<F=I;CH@
'!T(#!P


M/B8C


M(&-L875S97






@:6X@97AC97-S(&]F('-P



T0G

M;CH@







'0M86QI

M
'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97




@;F5W

T0G



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM
M97


M;&4]

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I
M9GD[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;BP@=&EM97


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM
M97


M

'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I
M9GD[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;BP@=&EM97














@

@;V8@
M=&AE(&]P97)A=&EO;G






@:6YD:6-A










'!X.R!F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97




@=VAI8V@@:6YC;'5D92!C=7-T

M='




T0G


L(')E8F%T97
L








T0G









C`[15!3)B
X









'!X
M.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M)B


@96YD
M960@1&5C96UB97(@




M(&)O;&0[)SXF(S$V

M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!F;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/C(P
3(\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/B8C

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L

M
C`Q




CXR
#$P/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/B8C
38P.SPO

M;W(Z/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

#L\+W1D/@T*


Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9#XF(S$V

M9G0[)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L


T0G8F%C:V=R

M;3H@

24[)SY.970@:6YC;VUE/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

24[)SXD
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P


24[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M

M
4[)SXQ.PU-#$L
#`P/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M


M.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V


M/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C

M;&4]

M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C

T0G=&5X


#L\

#L\

Q-C`[

Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO



M;&4]
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M.R<^,30L,#@R+#(Q,SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M;&5F=#LG/B8C



M/B8C


M=#LG/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@



C

M;&4]


M/B8C


M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C

T0G



#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO


#L\

#L\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C




M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V

M:6YG/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M)SXF(S$V


M9G0[)SXF(S$V


M.3@L-#DU/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B




M;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


M/B8C


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B

Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


M;&5F=#LG/B8C




Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C$N
S
\+W1D/@T*/'1D

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M/B8C

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^,2XS
M.3PO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P


MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

#L\+W1D



Q/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

#L\+W1D/@T*

38P.SPO

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C$N


38P.SPO=&0^







@



'!X
M.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


I(T@/]B/D]T:&5R(&-O








X
C(P.T%3528C.#(R
3LI(#(P
3
M
#(L($-O






M

M:79E($EN8V]M92`H5&]P:6
@
C(P*3H@4F5P;W)T:6YG(&]F($%M;W5N='
@


@=&AE($-O

M:69I960@;W5T(&]F(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&]T:&5R(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@






@;V8@
M05-5(#(P
3
M



'0O:'1M







]


]

]
T1P










'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97



M:68[)SY
979E;`Q(8C.#(Q










@

M;V1E;'
@;W(@;W1H97(@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&UE=&AO9&]L;V=I97

'!T(#`N
C5I;CL@9F]N=#H@
3!P


`P<'0@

X
M
C$W.W










2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
M
C`Q




T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$P






#$R





Q-C`[

T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@




B!N;W=R87`]




M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M;'-P86X]



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&9O







M;&4]

M/3-$
B!N;W=R87`]





#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&YO=W)A

M

M(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!F;VYT+7=E
M:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT



\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]

M)B



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]

M)B



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]

M)B



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]








M



#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*



#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@

M;&4]

M;&4]

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I












M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@

M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H





M=#LG/C
X+#DW-RPP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT



M)B



6QE/3-$

M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I



M=#LG/B8C



#L\

M=#LG/B8C


M



#L\+V9O;G0^

M


38P.SPO




38P.SPO


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
M



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G9F]N




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T





M)SXF(S$V

T0G8F%C




#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT




#L\+V9O;G0^















T0G9F]N


T0G=&5X

T0G9F]N



#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT




Q


#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT


M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L


#L\






\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

38P.SPO9F]N


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y
M;&4]






#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT



M(#AP=#LG/B8C





M(#AP=#LG/BT\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N




M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F






M






\

M=#LG/B8C


M






#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG

3
L



#L\










#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F










#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L



38P.SPO9F]N

M)B


Q-C`[


#`\+V9O







38P.SPO


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

38P.SPO9F]N


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y
M;&4]






#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T







M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

BPR
M.38L


Q-C`[


#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L






M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




#`\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT


34L




M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T

T0G9F]N


M-2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

T0G9F]N


M;&4]

T0G


#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F










#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

M*#4P+#`P



M/B8C


38P



#`\+V9O









#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D




#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


T0G9F]N


'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`X<'0[)SXF(S$V




#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT


M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N


M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T


#L\+V9O




6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F











#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT





M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H




M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T






#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT('-T





M;&4]

M;&4]

M;&4]








6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG

M;&4]

#`\+V9O




C0L



#L\+V9O








M;&4]

M;&4]

T0G

M

T0G=&5X

#L\

M=#LG/B8C


M



M
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T




M9'
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT('-T

3
V+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


38P


38P.SPO






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED


#`\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T


F4Z(#AP=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
F4Z(#AP=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D












M(#AP=#LG/B8C



#PO


M(#AP=#LG/B8C


M=#LG/B8C

M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/CQF


6QE/3-$)V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG





38P





M;&4]



M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B

M;&4]

#`L


Q

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@

M






T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T


PS,#`L,#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@





38P


38P.SPO9F]N




#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

38P.SPO9F]N


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y
M;&4]

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D






#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F







M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I



M=#LG/B8C



#L\

M=#LG/B8C


M



#L\+V9O;G0^








T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@







6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M





#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B

M



M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M

38P


M=#LG/C(P+#`U-RPP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M(S$V

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P





#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B




38P




M(&)O;&0[)R!N;W=R87`]


B!N;W=R87`]
M




#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H




M8V5N=&5R.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&YO=W)A




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T
M('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD






M;&0[)R!N;W=R87`]


B!N;W=R87`]
T1N




M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M;'-P86X]





#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L

M(#AP=#LG/B8C


M.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]



M)R!N;W=R87`]






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O

Q


#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CQF;VYT


#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([


M/B8C



#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

CX\

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

Q


#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CQF;VYT


#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([


M/B8C



#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

CX\

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

Q

M.@T*(#AP=#LG/B8C







M
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@

M/B8C
















38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*



T0G

T0G



T0G9F]N

M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


RPT-3DL















T0G9F]N


T0G=&5X

T0G9F]N



#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT




Q


#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT





M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H




M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T






#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT('-T






979E

T0G=&5X







6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F





6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO







M;&4]

M;&4]

T0G





#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L





#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

38P.SPO9F]N


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y
M;&4]

M;&4]

M;&4]


'0M

M/B8C






M/C@P
RPP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N


#
L
M



M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S




T0G9F]N

6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M

T0G=&5X

T0G=&5X




#L\+V9O;G0^









#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F







6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG




#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT




M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R


M


38P.SPO9F]N

M)B


Q-C`[


#`\+V9O





#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT('-T



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CQF;VYT('-T
















M+#4U
BPP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N





\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@









T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT


BPP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@








#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N



M(#AP=#LG/B8C


M=#LG/B8C

M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/CQF





M;&4]

2PP-#DL



#L\+V9O;G0^















#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

M
3$L-3DP+#`P


M






M
RPP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

Q




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CQF




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CQF;VYT('-T







M(#AP=#LG/B8C





M(#AP=#LG/B8C


M/B8C






M/B8C


38P




M)B


38P


38P.SPO9F]N




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G9F]N




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T





M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT



M(#AP=#LG/B8C



M

M(#AP=#LG/B8C


M/B8C



#L\+V9O

M/B8C


38P




38P


38P.SPO9F]N




#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

38P.SPO9F]N


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y
M;&4]

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\


M

T0G=&5X

T0G


M

M(#AP=#LG/B8C


M/B8C







#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF





#L\+V9O







#L\+V9O;G0^






M





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M











M
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D


38P.SPO9F]N



#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@








#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M



M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@


6QE/3-$)V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`Q<'0[)SX\9F]N=!S
6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`Q<'0[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
6QE/3-$)V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF



38P



Q-C`[




#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T


T0G=&5X





M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T







Q

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T

T0G9F]N


M
2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

T0G9F]N



#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B


38P.SPO








M(#AP=#LG/B8C



#PO


M(#AP=#LG/B8C


'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`X<'0[)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




M;&4]

M;&4]







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`Q<'0[

38P.SPO9F]N


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
M


#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@













#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M






38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T



S+#`S-RPP
#`\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@

M=#LG/B8C








6QE/3-$)V9O







T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXU

T0G

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


S
L
M.#`P+#`P













#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M:68[)SX\8CXF(S$V


#`P(&%N9`D,C`U+#`P,!F;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D
M($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R+`R



M87)T7V$U93(U-S)E7S@X-&)?-&-D






]

M

M86X]

#$R


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^24Y614Y43U)9/]T9#X-




'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97








G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^


M.B!C;VQL87!S93L@9F]N=#H@


T0G






CX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F

G/C(P
3(\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!C;VQO



@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B


M86X]



C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

M=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$






M=&EM97
G/B8C





T0G=&5X


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@




M:#H@

G/C0L-3DQ+#`P
M


M;&4]

B!S='EL

M

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXQ+#8Q
M-PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N






M;&4]











T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I

T0G=&5X

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF
M(S$V



G/B8C







T0R('-T

3
L
M
CDU+#`P





M;&4]

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97


M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

G
M/B8C

M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8V]L;W(Z


M


@;F5W

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)SXH
3(Q+#`P





M93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S




C`L.#`T+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D


T0G


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



M86XL=&EM97
G/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO

CDW-#4O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M


M;CTS1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3(\









T0G;6%R

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM
M97


M=&EM97




CXR
#$Q/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@



T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N


M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@



M)SXV-3`L
#`P/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SLG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


#L\+W1D



#`\



M;&4]




Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R

30L.3DY+#`P

M;&4]





Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

#PO


#`\+W1D

M:SLG/B8C




Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

#L\+W1D/@T*



#`P/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@



M;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#LG/B8C



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT









Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D

M(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SLG/B8C

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

S$L-38U+#`P

M


C0L
#`P/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@



M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M:SLG/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@

M8FQA8VL[)SXD/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B

#DL
#`P/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M:SLG/B8C
















PQ,38L,#`P+`D-RPP
C0L


U]B-68Y






]



3(@

S$L(#(P





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SX\8CXV+B!44D%$14U!4DM3($%.1!)3E1!3D=)0DQ%4R`\+V(^/]F



M;&4]

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

T0G9F]N



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M;'-P86X]




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$

2P@
C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D





M97

T0R/B8C





B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


T1N;W=R


@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




M



M97

T0R/B8C





B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


T1N;W=R


@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




M



M97

T0R/B8C




M96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)R!N;W=R87`]

T0G


T0G

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\


M1#(^)B

M97

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


Q


G('-I

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/CQF



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



[




\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I



T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
S4L

M

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I


M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@


M

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@
M.'!T.SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93H@.'!T.SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@


Q



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXQ
C@L



M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([
M('=I9'1H.B`Q





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T

T0G9F]N


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G9F]N





T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG

#`\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@




T0G=&5X

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#LT('EE







M97



G

T0R/B8C


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#8W
BPP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
BXU





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N


@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#(T

CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@






T0R/B0\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C




#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@

M;&4]




@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@









Q-C`[


M=#H@





@87
@

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V



G
M/B8C



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*








T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([)R!C

CX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

G/C(P
3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V



M


C`Q



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

T0G=&5X
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^0W5S
M=&]M97(@;&ES=',\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXW.PP,#`\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$



M=&EM97

4[)SX\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S='EL



@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

T0G

B!S

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG







G/B8C


G/B8C
38P.SPO


T0R

M)B

M:7IE/3-$



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@

M


C0Q+#`P


G
M/B8C


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$





Q-C`[



G/B8C


G/B8C
38P.SPO










G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM
M97
G/B8C

T0R('-T

Q





G/B8C
38P



G/B8C


M/3-$







T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXR.3$L,#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^


'!X.R!F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97



T0G;6%R9VEN

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L



M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SY4:&4@97-T




M/3-$


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


T0G





B!S='EL93TS





C`Q








B!S='EL93TS

#`\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@
24[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


CDW



M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






]




]

]



]

T0G;6%R

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM
M97


M
2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P

M)W=I9'1H.B`X







M;CTS1#(^
C`Q


M(#%P=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/B8C
38P


M;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T






38L
C(V+#`P
M






'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SLG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y
M;&4],T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!C;VQO<CH@8FQA
M8VL[)SXT+#4W.PP

M(&QE9G0[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SLG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R





M



M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SLG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@



#L\

M8FQA8VL[)SXM/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T





Q



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@


C@L
C(Q+#`P





#`\+W1D/@T*


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

Q-C`[


M







#MS=&%T97
@=&AA



@9F]R(#(P
3(@86YD('!R:6]R('-A




@

38P






@87-S=6UP=&EO;G





C4W
F5?.#@T
M8E\T8V0S7V(U9CE?86$T-F)E

O4VAE970Q-2YH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






]

]



T1T;W`^/'-T

96%S97



M3TY424Y'14Y#2453/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\

G/CQB/C@N

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SX\8CXF(S$V



T0R('-T







L


@8VAA;FYE;'


N(%1H92!L96%S97

M1&5C96UB97(@


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W

@;W5R(&9U='5R92!M:6YI;75M(')E;G1A



M97
G/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z


M

M

T1N

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&-O

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97



M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
M




38E



#PO9F]N


T0G

M;&4]



@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXS
S@L



G/B8C
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT
M:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4]

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXT+#4P.PP
#`\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!C;VQO


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

T0R('-T

Q


T0G9F]N

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXR-#@L







C`Q-3PO9F]N=#X\

M




M

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXT+#(V-2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D


M;&4]



#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT



G/B8C



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8V]L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXS+#0P.2PP,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T




M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K


M;&4]

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

M


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8V]L;W(Z

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXQ+#8U,PP



G/B8C







@;F5W






@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C



G/C4S
PP,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT

G/B8C
M










M8V

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B
6QE
M/3-$)V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@=&5X=UA

T0R('-T

3@L
M.3
R+#`P



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@





M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V


M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@








G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D

M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C



T0G9F]N




G/E!R97-E





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R




T0R('-T

Q

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

M97
G/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R

T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXY.3DL,#`P/]F


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V


M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@





M=&EM97
G/B8C


M97
G/B8C

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@

G/B8C
38P.SPO



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS

B!S='EL93TS

M/3-$





T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S



M;&4]



G/B8C



@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXV.38L



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D



G/B8C

M=&EM97
G/E)E;G0@97AP96YS92!F;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M
M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R+`R
#$Q+!A;F0@,C`Q,!W87
@)#4L




#`L
M(0Q+#DR.2PP,#`L(&%N9`D
2PX
3
L
#`P+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN/]F


M87)T7V$U93(U-S)E7S@X-&)?-&-D






]

M

]



T1T;W`^/'-T



M9VX]

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I







M/3-$








M('1H:7


M=FEL('!E;F%L='D@;V8@)#




G/B8C
M




M(#(P




#$Q+4-6.3



L('5N













M/3-$

@

B!S='EL

#$Q+!A('!U=&%T:79E(&-L87-S(&%C=&EO;B!C;VUP;&%I
M;G0@=&ET;&5D($]R96X@4')O=&5R(&5T(&%L+B!V+B!-961I9F%S=P@26YC
M+B!E=!A;X@*$-I=FEL($%C=&EO;B`R


C`H82D@
M;V8@=&AE(%-E8W5R:71I97
@17AC:&%N9V4@06-T(&]F(#$Y
S0L(&%S(&%M
M96YD960@*'1H92`F(S@R
C`[17AC:&%N9V4@06-T)B
X

M97



@



M=&%T:79E(&-L87-S(&%C=&EO;B!C;VUP;&%I;G0@=&ET;&5D($9R960@1W)E
M96YB97)G('8N($UE9&EF87-T+!);F,N+!E=!A;`H0VEV:6P@06-T:6]N
M(#(P
3$M0U8W-S8@6T)%3%TL(&%L;&5G:6YG('9I;VQA=&EO;G
@;V8@4V5C
M=&EO;G
@

M(%)U;&4@






M='

X
C$W.W

L(&]P
M97)A=&EO;G

C`Q
2P@=&AE



M

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


2`Q-RP@,C`Q,!I;B!T:&4@52Y3+B!$:7-T<FEC=!#;W5R=`H4T0L($-A






!E=!S
2!D86UA9VEN9R!T:&4@8G5S:6YE<W



L('!U
M;FET:79E(&1A;6%G97



05!0($UO=&EO;G
@*&DN92X@




M;'
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I






M;CH@




C`Q



M:6-A;'



M('1O('1H:7




G/B8C

M=&EM97



@;W(@96UP;&]Y;65N














]



M9VX]
T1T;W`^24Y#3TU%(%1!6$53/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S




G/CQB/C$P+B!)3D-/344@5$%815
@

@;F5W(')O



'!X.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97






'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M;&4]




M;VT[)SX-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT




M


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@

M



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXR
M

G/B8C
38P


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SY#=7)R96YT/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/&9O


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT







M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T









T0G=VED=&@Z(#8Q)3LG/CQF;VYT('-I










G/CDL-S@W+#`P
M





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

G/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P)3LG/CQF






T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXY+#8X.PP,#`\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$




@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D



G/B8C




G/C$S
BPP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T


M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C





#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B

M97
G/B8C




G/C(L-#8S+#`P




G/B8C



M;&4]


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S='EL



T0G=&5X

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY
M.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\


M

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V


M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V



Q-C`[





@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M
M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H






Q-C`[



T0G=&5X
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO


M:7IE/3-$
'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$




'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S='EL



T0G=&5X

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT






M;&4]
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXI/]F

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I



G/C4L-#0V+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97
G
M/B8C



Q-C`[





T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXH-C(L,#`P/]F;VYT


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O


M86XL=&EM97


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T

M;&4]

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXH
3(W+#`P


M97
G/BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@




B!S='EL

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL






T0G


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B

M97
G/B8C




G/B@Q+#
S-RPP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@








@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

B!S='EL93TS

M

#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

M=&EM97
G/B8C

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<VEZ


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C
38P


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL
M=&EM97
G/B8C


T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXF(S$V

T0G

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P

B!S



M:7IE/3-$


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXU



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@




SDL




T0R



M:7IE/3-$


M97

B!S




@*&QI86)I;&ET:65S


'!X.R!F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97



M9'1H.B`X



M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SX-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S='EL93TS

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M
M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^




@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG




@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)SXR

M=&EM97
G/B8C







T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S='EL93TS

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V


G/B8C


T0G=VED=&@Z

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SX\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S='EL93TS
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY
M.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\




G/C
P
2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@

G
M/B8C












@;VX@:6YV96YT

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


B!S

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\


G/B8C



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N



T0G
6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N



30P+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97
G
M/B8C





G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C
M


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXV.3(L,#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T



#PO9F]N


M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C

M







G

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO



T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SY3=&]C:R!C;VUP96YS871I;VX\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97

T0R

M)B

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:7IE/3-$

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


B!S

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$

#`\+V9O


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)SXU
38L





@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

M

M
6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


M;&4]




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL
M=&EM97
G/B8C


T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXM/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\



M='1O;3H@




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T



2PR
C@L





T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@



@










T0R('-T

Q





G/C

M+#`P



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CQF








M86XL=&EM97
G/C(L
34Y+#`P



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N




M





G/C$L
S$P+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM
M97
G/B8C


T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S='EL

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T



M97



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S

M97

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT
M:6UE<R<^*#(U,PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXI/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG




M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXI/]F;VYT


M

M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V



BPP
M
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T




M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

M


#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXI/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF




T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXI/]F;VYT/CPO


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I

M97
G/B8C

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<VEZ93TS



M
6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F





M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V



M/3-$




G/E-T;V-K(&-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;CPO



G/B8C







T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXH
3`Y+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*



G/BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M;&4]

M/3-$


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXF(S$V

T0G

M+6)O='1O;3H@




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M



G/B8C




G/B@X+#DQ.2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@


M;&4]

T0R('-T

Q

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXH.PX-C`L








@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M



T0G


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C
38P


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL
M=&EM97
G/B8C


T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXF(S$V

G/B8C
M



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\


M969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

G/DYE

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

G
M/B8C




G/B@U+#0T-RPP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M


G/BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

G/B8C
M





2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
BXU


G/BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

G/B8C
38P




G/B@U.#$L





T0R('-T

Q


M9F]N=#H@





M;VUP86YY)W



M:7IE/3-$



G/B8C
38P.SPO


T0G



G/C(P
3(\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E




M:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M86X]



C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$

M=&@Z(#




@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@

G/B0\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXX+#4U.2PP,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SX\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$



@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

G/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$

G/C
U+C`\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@


G/B4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





M

B!S='EL93TS


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXS-2XP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\


@;F5W(')O



M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V



#PO



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CQF;VYT('-I








M97



G/B4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N

M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97
G
M/B8C





M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M
M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^,2PV.3DL,#`P/]F;VYT/CPO




M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

T0R('-T





M93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG




T0G=&5X





M;&4]

B!S='EL

@;F5W

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^
M*#(T.PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXI/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/&9O


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT


'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

G/B4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


G/B8C


G/B8C
38P.SPO



B!S='EL93TS

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXM

T0R('-T

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S='EL

M;&4]


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXQ+#
X
M.2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O


T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXE/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG





G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




T0R

M)B



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C
M











T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T








T0G




6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


B!S

@

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY
M.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG




T0G
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@




B!S='EL



T0G=&5X

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S








M

B!S='EL93TS

@;F5W(')O

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S

M97

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O



T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97
G
M/D]T:&5R('-T871E(&EN8V]M92!T87@@8F5N969I='


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C
38P



B!S='EL

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXM

T0R










G/B@Q+#`U
2PP
#`\+V9O





M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

T0R('-T

N




M97
G/B8C

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<VEZ93TS


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/&9O


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT







T0G



M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS





M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@






B!S='EL

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF


'0M

M97
G/B8C



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
F4]









M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V


M

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS










@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B






@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



G/B8C





G/C
U+C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M86XL=&EM97
G/B4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M97
G/CDL
3
Y+#`P






@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

M+6)O='1O;3H@


G/C
S+C`\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@


G/B4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M97
G/B8C




G/C$R+#`X
2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*








@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
`P<'0@

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)SY4:&4@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
2!E9F9E8W1I=F4@=&%X(')A
M=&4@:7
@:6UP86-T960@8GD@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R


#L@07
@82!M

M;7!A;GD@=71I;&EZ97






G/B8C


G/E1H92!#;VUP86YY


M:')O=6=H(#(P



#
Q+B8C
38P.R!-87)Y;&%N

L
M

M;W1A;&EN9R`D
CDL
#`P('=I;&P@97AP:7)E(&EN(#(P



M830V8F4P

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#



]
M



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SX\8CXQ


M=&EM97

M

@;F5W

B!S='EL93TS

@



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM
M97

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*



T0P/@T*/'1R

M87`]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT

B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SY3:&%R97,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS



M97
G/B8C



T0R('-T

M9VAE9U!=F5R86=E(#PO9F]N=#X\8G(@+SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S='EL

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXF(S$V

T0G

M97
G/E5N=F5S=&5D(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$Q/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXT-34L


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$





M;&4]



B!S='EL93TS











@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N


M=&EM97

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

T0G9F]N






@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q

G/B8C
M


M=&EM97
G/B@X+#`P


M97
G/BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@




B!S='EL

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


M/3-$






T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXQ-#DL-C8W/]F;VYT/CPO


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C




G/C@N
C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*



G/CQB/B8C
38P.SPO


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;BP@=&EM97

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


Q+`R,#$R+`R
#$Q+!A
M;F0@,C`Q,!W97)E(0R+#@U,PP
#`L(0R+#4R-PP





M=FEN9R`R

#L@1'5R:6YG(#(P
M
3








M+#`P


2P@
C`Q
BP@
C`Q
2P@
C`Q

@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(N(%1H


2XR('EE


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M;&4]


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SY);B!397!T96UB97(@
M
C`Q
BP@=&AE(#(P

M=F5D(&%T('1H92`R



M(#

C4W
M
F5?.#@T8E\T8V0S7V(U9CE?86$T-F)E

O4VAE
M970Q.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P






]



3XQ
M
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q


]


3TY'+51%4DT@1$55!!3D0@3$E.12!/1B!#



Q+`R,#$R(&%N9!$

2P@
C`Q



'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0G


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


C`Q
CPO9F]N

M;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@




CX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,CXR,#$Q/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO




2P@
C`Q
BXF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#M$=64@
C`Q-RX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@

T0R/B8C
M


M)B


'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R<^/&9O;G0@
M<VEZ93TS1#(^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED


CXF
M(S$V

T0G8F%C:V=R



#$R+B8C
38P.R8C
M
38P.T1U92`R


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


T0R/B8C


M
CXF(S$V

M8VL[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S

CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

M1#(^
2PQ.#@L


Q



CXD
BPV
#`L
M

M(&%T($Q)0D]2('!L=7
@




CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B







CXF(S$V




M



T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P

CXS+#
S.PP,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




M
CXF(S$V

T0G8F%C

CXR
C4L


T0R/B8C


CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M


2PQ
3DL


T0R/B8C


M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M


RPQ
3
L





M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\+W1A8FQE/@T*


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M)B



M960@=&\@;&]N9RUT97)M(&1E8G0@=V%S(0V,BPP,#`L(0X.2PP
#`L(&%N
M9`D,3`R+#`P,!I;B`R
#$R+`R,#$Q+!A;F0@
C`Q



CXF(S$V


'!X.R!F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97





CXF(S$V

M;&4]


C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CQF;VYT('-I

T0R/B8C

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


C`Q-3PO9F]N

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D




T0R/C(P



M
CXR
C4L


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

T0G=&5X

M9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

M)B




M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG

T0G

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO


T0R
M/B8C


M=!S:7IE/3-$,CXR+#(Q,RPP,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS


M

M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M




CXF(S$V
#LF(S$V

'!X
M.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97



M87
@
2XY-B4@870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(N(%1H92!A9W)E96UE;G0@





CXF(S$V

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97





N($%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q





M=6EL9&EN9W

M.5]A830V8F4P



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M


]



#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\

@


@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)SX\8CXQ
RX@0E5324Y%4U
@4T5'345.5%

M






'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&UA<F=I;CH@

M9F]N=#H@





M:6%L(&EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(&ES(&%V86EL86)L92!T:&%T(&ES(')E9W5L87)L



:69E

@;V8@

@;F5W

B!S='EL93TS





F(S@R

M97
L(&%T=&]R;F5Y)B
X
C$W.W


M3EE312P@4V%R8F%N97




N(%1H92!A8V-O=6YT:6YG('!O;&EC








M=&EM97

M

@;F5W

B!S='EL93TS

M=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R+`R


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]

G/EEE
M87(@16YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


T0G9F]N

B!S

M87`]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M:7IE/3-$


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@

G/B8C
38P.SPO


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V


M9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]

G
M/DU70T

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SY7:&]L97-A
M;&4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M





M:7IE/3-$

M


G/B8C
M







@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

G
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/CQF;VYT('-I




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF
M(S$V

G/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

T0R('-T

Q

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]




M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]




@

G/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#0X
M)3L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQF;VYT('-I



\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D



'0M86QI
M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@

M




T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$


T0G=VED=&@Z


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N


T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO






T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T0G


@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)SXS-38L-S`V+#`P





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SY#;W-T(&]F(%-A

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

M97
G/B8C






@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

T0G9F]N



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

G/B8C
M













M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V



G/B8C


M=&EM97
G/C@X+#8W
2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

G
M/B8C




M




M

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXQ.#0L-C$U+#`P
#PO9F]N





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



G/C0P+#$Y-PP,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-




M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT




M:7IE/3-$



@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V







M:6]N(&%N9!!;6]R=&EZ871I;VX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@




6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY
M.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\


@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXR+#@V-PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

G/B8C
M







@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXR-C`L
M


T0G9F]N

M/3-$



M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!C;VQO


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M


30Q+#`P






@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D





@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)SXR-BPP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T






M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

G/B8C
38P.SPO





3DV+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`Q<'0[





T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@





#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@








T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@







T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXH-RPV-38L,#`P/]F;VYT


M


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M



G/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B

B!S='EL93TS

M
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@






M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SX-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$




'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
@T*

M)B

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F




M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

M







@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

M

M
6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F





@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D







T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


G
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B


#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@



Q-C`[




T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G

#`P


M=&EM97
G/B8C











M=#H@





T0G=F5R=&EC



Q-C`[

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SY996%R($5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#


M=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQF;VYT('-I




@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


T0R

M)B

B!N;W=R
M87`]


T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C

M97




B!S

M87`]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M:7IE/3-$


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N


@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V


M(&-O;'-P86X]

G/D-O



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N


T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S='EL

M



M:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

G/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P)3LG/CQF



C4Y+#$Y
2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@

M97
G/B8C









G/C
X+#DY.PP,#`\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@,24[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SLG/CQF;VYT


'0M86QI
M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@

M=&EM97
G/BT\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@

M





6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F








@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXV
RPX.#@L




M

T0G=&5X

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF
M(S$V



G/B8C







T0R('-T






@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N




RPP



G/B8C









@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)SXQ-3(L-C0W+#`P


T0R('-T

Q

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

M97
G/B8C


G/C
P+#
S
M-2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N






M;&4]



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N



G/C$X.PW-S`L,#`P/]F;VYT/CPO


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^




6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT
M:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4]

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

T0G9F]N



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8V]L;W(Z

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXQ+#4Y-BPP,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-




M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT



M

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXF(S$V



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D





M



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M

T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N


M86XL=&EM97
G/DEN=&5R97-T*&YE=D@86YD(&]T:&5R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXS,PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





M





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8V]L;W(Z



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T

G
M/B8C






B!S='EL93TS



G



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXD/]F

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXS-BPR,3`L,#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@



M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V




X+#`P
#PO9F]N






G/B8C
38P.SPO


@

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXH-2PW.3(L
M












M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^


T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T








@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF







M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY
M.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\






@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V




S@X+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D


T0G


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



M86XL=&EM97
G/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M


#`\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M



B!S



M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXR
M.PV
3DL




G/B8C











'!T







M

M



M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SY996%R($5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R
M(#


M;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG




M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@






M/3-$
B!N;W=R87`]

T0G

T1N

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&-O

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SY-5T-#(9A;7`[/]F;VYT




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@

G/B8C
38P.SPO








T0R

M)B



M


G/B8C
M

M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$


T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$






@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@

G/B0\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z



C(Y+#@W.2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SX\


G/B8C







T0G=&5X

G/C(W
M+#8W
RPP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F

G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL


T0G

G/B8C
38P


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXD/]F




C4W+#4U
M
BPP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@

T0R

M)B


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8V]L;W(Z

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXU.PW.34L


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY
M.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\


M;&4]

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=C;VQO


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*







'0M86QI9VXZ




@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

G/B8C
M



G/C8U+#`X
RPP
#`\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!C


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

T0G
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^4V5L;&EN9RP@1V5N97)A;!A;F0@061M






T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S

@;F5W#0H@

G/C$S-2PT-#$L




M
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^
M)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL

M:7IE/3-$

B!S
6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F




B!S


#`P


T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SY$97!R96-I871I;VX@86YD($%M;W)T:7IA








M-2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N






M;&4]

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXW.#8L



B!S='EL
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T




M+6)O='1O;3H@




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED

M97
G/B8C





3`U+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D




Q-C`[

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^








M



@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D










T0G9F]N

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXH-3(L,#`P/]F;VYT


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXI



@;F5W(')O;6%N



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[

M



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M


M







@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M








M;&4]



G/B8C



@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXS
2PV.3(L



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S='EL93TS
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




M:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXU-2PX-3@L,#`P/]F;VYT


M

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B
6QE
M/3-$)V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@=&5X=UA

T0R('-T

M
#$L




G/B8C









M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@





M



G/CDT+#`U.2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@







M-&)?-&-D







]


]







M








T0R


3L@5&AE


M97

@;V8@87-S971S





]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%S:!A;F0@0V%S





@







X
M



M97)A;!F:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=&ET=71I;VYS+!A;F0@=&AE(&)A;&%N8V5S








M86QU92!O9B!&:6YA;F-I86P@26YS=')U;65N='





M8F5L:65V97



@;F5W(')O;6%N




@

B!S='EL




M(&5S=&EM871E(&]F(')E='5R;G




M

'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&UA<F=I;CH@
'!T(#!P








M




@87)E(&)A

M(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@8F%L86YC97



L(&%S('=E;&P@87



2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
2!W87
@)#(T
BPP
M

]
M
'0^/&1I=CX\



M96YT;W)I97


X
C$W.W
@=V%R



L('!A8VMA9VEN9R!S=7!P


M:7



T1T;W`^26YV97-T

@86YD





@





]
T1T97AT/CQP('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&UA<F=I;CH@

M9F]N=#H@





M(&9I;F%N8VEA;!S=&%T96UE;G1S(&EN('1H92!P97)I;V0@9'5R:6YG('=H
M:6-H+!B87-E9!O;B!A;&P@879A:6QA8FQE(&5V:61E;F-E+!M86YA9V5M




@=&%K



M:7



T0G

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

G/E=E




@
M87




@:6X@=&AE(%5N:71E

M;R!5+E
N(&9E9&5R86PL('-T871E(&%N9!L;V-A;!I;F-O;64@=&%X(&5X




M97

B!S

@;F5W(')O




@


@87)E('1H92!D:69F97)E;F-E


@;6]R


M=7-T960@9F]R('1H92!E9F9E8W1S(&]F(&-H86YG97
@:6X@=&%X(&QA=W
@
M86YD(')A=&5S(&]N('1H92!D871E(&]F(&5N86-T;65N=X\+V9O;G0^/]P

]

]
M



M('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R+`R
#$Q+!A;F0@,C`Q
M,P@86UO=6YT960@=&\@)#
Q(&UI;&QI;VXL(0R-R!M:6QL:6]N+!A;F0@


@

B!S='EL

M=&]R97




@



M:6X@=&\@;6%K92!I;7!R;W9E;65N='

M(&EN=&5N9&5D('5S92X@1F]R('1E;F%N=!I;7!R;W9E;65N=!A;&QO=V%N


'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[






M












@





M









'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[('1E

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97



M



'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CY


@;F5W(')O;6%N


\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO



'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


M



T0R/C
@+2`Q-2!Y


M86XL=&EM97






M=&EM97


\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

M
'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97



@:7


'!X.R!F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SY4



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXF(S$V


@87)E(')E





L(&%N



T1T


M;'DZ=&EM97



@=VAI8V@@:6YC;'5D92!C=7-T;VUE

N





]






M8V4@861J=7-T;65N='

















]



3!P

M




X
C(P.T504R8C.#(R


M;6UO;B!S:&%R97

M8W0@;V8@9&EL=71I=F4@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S+CPO9F]N




G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\

G/E1H92!F




T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M
M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXR,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@



@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF
M(S$V

T0G8F%C:V=R

M;&4]


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S='EL93TS




'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$


M;&4]

B!S='EL
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$














G
M/C$U+#@W-BPP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@





M:7IE/3-$


T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M


3@L-30Q+#`P



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXQ.2PV
3$L

M


G/B8C

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$




G/B8C



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N



M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT('-I








M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M;&4]

T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT









M;W1T;VT[)SX-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF
M(S$V

G/B8C
38P.SPO



G/B8C


T0G

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/&9O;G0@


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT('-I



30L
#@R+#(Q



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M:79A;&5N='
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


B!S

B!S='EL



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED



C
S+#0W-SPO



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N



G/B8C








@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXF(S$V

G/B8C
M



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N

M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C
M


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M

T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N

M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M97



T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D

G/B8C
38P


M:7IE/3-$


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0-B!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C

M/3-$



G/C$T+#$Y.PT.34\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@






T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


M



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/&9O;G0@


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT('-I








M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M;&4]
6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG<F]U;F0M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SY%4%

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY
M.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG







M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M
M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^





@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXD/]F;VYT



M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97
G/B0\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG



2XS



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N




M

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I


M;&4]
6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG<F]U;F0M

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

B!S='EL




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


G/C$N
M
S$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

G/B8C
38P








]

M=&EM97



M:&4@8V%L8W5L871E9!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('1H92!A=V%R9P@86YD(&ES
M(')E8V]G;FEZ960@87
@86X@97AP96YS92!O=F5R('1H92!R97%U:7-I=&4@




I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\






F(S@R





'!X.R!F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SY792!H879E(&-O;G-I

M;65N='



M;W!I8R`R

M3W5T(&]F($%C8W5M=6QA=&5D($]T:&5R($-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@26YC;VUE



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

G
M/DEN($9E8G)U87)Y(#(P
3
L('1H92!&:6YA;F-I86P@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3
M=&%N9&%R9'

X
C(Q.RD@:7-S=65D($%3
M52`R









M('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='


M8C5F.5]A830V8F4P

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M:6=N:69I8V%N=!!8V-O=6YT:6YG(%!O;&EC:65S(A486)L97
I/&)R/CPO

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#






]
T1T



T0R





'!T











'!T
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

U('EE87)S


T0G9F]N=#H@


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY
96%S96AO;&0@


M97

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


'!T
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


]



@96YD960@1&5C96UB
M97(@



M/3-$

M(S$V

M(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@
M8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/C(P


Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/B8C

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT

C`Q
3PO=&0^




CXR
#$P/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R


M9G0[)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V





Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
M

M

Q

Q



M('=I9'1H.B`V
24[)SY.970@:6YC;VUE/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

38P.SPO=&0^

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M8FQE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXD/]T9#X-CQT

M;W1T;VTZ(#(N-7!T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R

4[)SXQ.PU
M-#$L
#`P/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

38P.SPO=&0^


M
24[)SXF(S$V



M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C

T0G=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-


38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R
M:6=H=#LG/B8C


M#0H\=&0^1&5N;VUI;F%T;W(Z/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
M9#XF(S$V

M)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V





Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(@



T0G=&5X


M



38P.SPO


38P

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T



C

T0G=&5X


38P.SPO

#L\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C




M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M/B8C


M)SXF(S$V

M)SXF(S$V


#L\


M


M='1O;3H@




T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS



'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R<^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(@<W1Y;&4],T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC




M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C$N

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^,2XS,SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M,T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[











M






]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^

I/&)R


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



@



M/3-$


@861J=7-T960@8V]S



M
2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97



M

'!T('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



M
T0R/B8C


M



T0R
M/B8C



M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N







T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D




B!N;W=R
M87`]


\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&YO


M)B

T1N;W=R87`^



@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG


M1#(^)B

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$


T1N;W=R


@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




M





T0R/B8C
38P

M86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#H@8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]


M17%U:79A;&5N='
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@





M;&4]







@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M93H@.'!T.SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M;&4]

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I







T0R/B8C
M

M93H@.'!T.SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0G


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I



@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M1#(^)B




G('-I

T0R/BT\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


M93TS1#(^)B



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO


M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$



@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SX\



M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F



M


M86XL=&EM97

T0R/C
X+#DW-RPP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SX\9F]N



M97

T0R/B8C



T0G

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*







T0G

T0G=&5X


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M


M93TS1#(^)B



M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\









@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




T0R
M/B8C



M93TS1#(^)B



M)B



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

T0G

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CY

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




M
T0R/B8C



Q


G('-I

T0R/B8C



M)B



Q-C`[



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
M

M;&4]

M

T0G=&5X

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N




T0G=&5X

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXY-C`L

M93H@.'!T.SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M;&4]

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T



M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\


M1#(^)B



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$




@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


M

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXY-C`L



T0G=&5X

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V



#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N





M;&4]





M

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M


M93TS1#(^)B



M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
RPP
#`\



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T




T0R/B@Q+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D




M86XL=&EM97

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G9F]N



T0R
M/B8C




M
T0R/B8C





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO




T0R/B8C
38P






T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
M


M97

T0R/B8C


M

T0G

T0G=&5X

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT
M.#DL



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H



M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N









M86XL=&EM97

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T





M93TS1#(^
BPR.38L


T0G

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO




M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@





M
T0R/B8C

M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/CQF



G


#`T+#`P





@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT



M1#(^)B

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ.#`L





T0R/B8C
38P






T0R
M/B@S+#`P






M93TS1#(^)B



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



S0L





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D





C$U+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\



M)B

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B
F4Z(#AP=#L[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M




G('-I

T0R/B8C



M97


C$U+#`P





M;&4]

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M86XL=&EM97

T0R/C$P+#`U
2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

T0G

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M

M97

T0R/C8X
BPP


@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




M
T0R/B@U



T0R/BD\


M1#(^)B



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$






T0R/B8C
38P






3`L-S$W+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N





#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D






T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*









T0G

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO




T0R/B8C
38P










@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




M
T0R/B8C



Q


G('-I

T0R/B8C



M)B



Q-C`[



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF




T0R/B8C

T0G=&5X

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S








@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T



M=&EM97

T0R/B8C






M1#(^)B




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL




@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




M
T0R/C0L
3DW+#`P



M)B


G

T0R/B8C



M1#(^)B



3(T
M+#`P






T0R
M/B8C



Q-C`[






'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S




M;&4]

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXT+#



M
T0R/B8C




G('-I

T0R/B8C





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO








T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D





#PO



M93TS1#(^)B

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXQ
S8L


M86XL=&EM97

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T





T0R/B@R+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*










M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU


G('-I

T0R/B8C



M1#(^)B



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D








T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D




T0R/BT\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T

T0G9F]N


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]




T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R


G

T0R/B8C



M93TS1#(^)B



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



C8P+#`P





@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT



M1#(^)B

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-BPP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N







M





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ

M

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M






T0R/B8C
38P




M=&EM97

T0R/B8C




3`L
M
S`P+#`P







@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




M
T0R/B8C



T0G=&5X

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S








@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




T0R
M/B8C



Q-C`[



M
T0R/B8C



Q









@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D



#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXU

T0G



T0G




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXU


M;&4]



T0R/BD\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@





G

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M



T0R/C$Q
2PP
#`\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M93TS1#(^)B



M
T0R/B8C


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU.2PY.30L



M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



SDL.3
W+#`P
M



T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



T0G

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\

T0G;6%R

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM
M97

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*



'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT





G('-I

T0R/B8C




B!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T



M(&)O;&0[)R!N;W=R87`]


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$

M:'0Z(&)O;&0[)R!N;W=R87`]

T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M








T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N




M
B!N;W=R87`]




M=&EM97

T0R/B8C




B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^






T0R/B8C
38P.SPO



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V






T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


T0G9F]N

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

CX\





T0R/B8C
38P


M;&4]

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([)R!C;VQS



Q-C`[



M
T0R/B8C




@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT





T0R/B8C
M





C




M

M86XL=&EM97


M



T0G9F]N
6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T.SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$


T0G

M=&EM97

T0R/B8C











T0R/B0\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED




6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T.SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$






T0R/B8C
38P.SPO

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.4[)SX\9F]N


3
L-#4Y+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\










M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SX\9F]N=!S



M=&EM97

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CQF;VYT


M86XL=&EM97

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G9F]N

T0G

T0G=&5X


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M


M93TS1#(^)B



M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\









@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



T0G9F]N



M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\




@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




G('-I

T0R/B8C




G

T0R/B8C






M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


Q

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T.SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M86XL=&EM97

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T






T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D








T0G

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO





'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL



T0G9F]N








'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL



M

T0G

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXX
#
L


T0G

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L



M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M;&4]

T0G

T0G=&5X


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M


M93TS1#(^)B



M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$








@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


T0G=&5X

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXM



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF



@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO




M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]

M=&EM97

T0R/C$L
S$Y+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T






T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D










M1#(^)B

M97

T0R/B8C



M93TS1#(^)B



M*#
W+#`P







T0R/B8C
38P.SPO




M86XL=&EM97

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CQF




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G

M;&4]

M



T0G=&5X

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$


M;&4]



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO




M97

T0R/B8C




C4X+#`P
M





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
BPP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




M=&EM97

T0R/B8C






T0R/C0S+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D




M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^





M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXX+#0W
2PP
M
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@









T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT('-T




T0R/B8C
38P

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


Q

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T.SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
2PP-#DL





M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT('-T



@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$



T0G9F]N



M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\

M=#L[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=PT*(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L




T0R/C$Q+#4Y



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y
M;&4]


M86XL=&EM97

T0R/B8C

T0G9F]N

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

T0G


G

T0R/B8C



M1#(^)B

M97

T0R/B8C



M93TS1#(^)B



M)B



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL



M

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT




T0R/B8C
38P




M

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CY

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0G9F]N


G('-I

T0R/B8C



M)B


G

T0R/B8C



M1#(^)B



Q



M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y
M;&4]


6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T.SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




G('-I

T0R/B8C




G

T0R/B8C






M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL



3(L





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


T0G=&5X

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXM



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
M


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M;&4]



M-3@L







T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@

M






M97

T0R/B8C



M86XL=&EM97

T0R/C0T+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`Q<'0[



M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V





M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
34L











M;&4]



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO




M97

T0R/B8C







M1#(^)B

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M
F4Z(#AP=#L[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXT+#
Y
RPP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M;&4]



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@


@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT








T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT('-T



M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




G

T0R/BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@


@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V








T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT('-T




T0R/B8C
38P




M=&EM97

T0R/B8C







M93TS1#(^)B

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@






M1#(^)B

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





T0R/B8C
M











T0R/B8C
38P











T0R/B8C
38P.SPO









T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N









T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\








T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D











@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D



S
L
#
W+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXU

T0G



M
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@





G

T0R/B8C


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-C(L





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@










T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



M



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@









M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\

T0G;6%R

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM
M97

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SX\8CX\+V(^/]F;VYT/B8C
38P

M7V$U93(U-S)E7S@X-&)?-&-D






]

T1)

M97

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q




T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)I
M97


M9F]L;&]W:6YG(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#

M
2P@
C`Q

M





CXR
#$R/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T

M;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/C(P
M




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!C;VQO





M


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@



M8VL[)SXT+#4Y
2PP





M.B!B;&%C:SLG/B8C





BPR
#0L
#`P

M8FQA8VL[)SXF(S$V





30L
C(T
M+#`P


M

M.B!B;&%C:SLG/B8C



M=&4@26YV96YT;W)Y/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@






S4R+#`P
#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@


M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[('1E

PX,#0L,#`P/]T


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@


3DL.38Y+#`P




M
C4W
F5?.#@T8E\T8V0S7V(U9CE?86$T-F)E

O
M4VAE970R-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]

I/&)R


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#







]


M


2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
M




T0P/@T*

#L\+W1D


C`Q

M

M:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/B8C


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L
M9#LG/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&-O;&]R.B!B



M



B4[
M(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SLG/C8U
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R<^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(@<W1Y;&4],T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



M

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

#L\+W1D/@T*

M)SXQ.2PS-C8L
#`P/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L


M)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SLG/B8C

T0G=&5X



M;&4]

\+W1D/@T*

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

38P






M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C

M/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K

30W+#`P





M/B8C



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B



M(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SLG/C8S+#0W-BPP


M.B!B;&%C:SLG/B8C




Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M8FQA8VL[)SXF(S$V

M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8V]L;W(Z

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T





M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[('1E

PQ,#DL,#`P/]T


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@


S@L.#4R+#`P




M
C4W
F5?.#@T8E\T8V0S7V(U9CE?86$T-F)E

O
M4VAE970R-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]

M


#$R/&)R




T1T

@86YD(%)E;&%T960@06-C=6UU;&%T960@




G/E1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
@:6YT86YG:6)L





M=#H@





T0G=F5R=&EC


@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H





@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO




T0R/B8C
M


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&YO=W)A


Q

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$





M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&YO=W)A


Q

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$





M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&YO=W)A


Q

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$






T0R/B8C
38P.SPO



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT





T0R/B8C


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$


6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T.SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M1#(^)B



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXR
#8L

T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@



M9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@


T0G=VED

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T.SL@
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD

M('=I9'1H.B`Q
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@
M.'!T.SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M



M:61T:#H@




G

T0R/B8C




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M



T0R/C(L-#
W+#`P
M





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#`S.PP,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
F4Z(#AP=#L[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE




M
T0R/B8C




BPT-#`L





T0R/B8C
M

M(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/CQF;VYT('-T



M
T0R/C$L-30T+#`P




@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V





G

T0R/B8C

M93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D



BPV-S(L



M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P



BPR-#0L
M


T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#8W-2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M


Q-C`[



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO


@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
M+#8W
BPP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



M=&EM97

T0R/B8C











'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SY!
M;6]R=&EZ871I;VX@97AP96YS92!F;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M
M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$R+`R,#$Q(&%N9`R


M=&EM97
G/B8C

T0G=VED

3!P

M/3-$







B!S='EL93TS

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M

B!S='EL93TS


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXR



T0G9F]N

T0G=&5X


M9'1H.B`Q
4[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

T0G

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SX\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

G/B8C
M







T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXU,PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@

G
M/B8C



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T

M;&4]

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXT.30L


M




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED

T0G

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXS
M-S@L


T0R('-T

Q


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXR-#$L
#`P







6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M
M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^


M/3-$
'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

M;&4]


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S='EL93TS




'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$

M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O





\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

G/B8C
38P.SPO



M86XL=&EM97
G/C4W
BPP






@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C

M/3-$



T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

G/B8C
38P.SPO



M86XL=&EM97
G/C(Y
2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M86XL=&EM97



M;&4]

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;BP@=&EM97

'!E;G-E(&]F('1R861E;6%R
M:W,@86YD(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S(&ES(&%S(&9O;&QO=W,Z/]F;VYT

M.B`U




M


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B

M

M86XL=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY!;6]U;G0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

T0G



M86XL=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N



[)R!S:7IE/3-$






[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\

T0G=&5X

M
T0R/CQB/CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^)B

C4W
F5?.#@T8E\T8V0S7V(U
M9CE?86$T-F)E
#(Y-S0U#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+V$U93(U-S)E7S@X-&)?-&-D

M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O





]

]


]

M;CH@



[)R!S:7IE/3-$


M(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#

2P@
C`Q
3H\


T0R/B8C

T0G

M

M:6YG/3-$


T0R/B8C







T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N

M;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&-O


@


M8V



[
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-BPR
C8L


@;F5W(')O;6%N




'0M86QI9VXZ
M(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@,3`E.R!C;VQO<CH@8FQA8VL[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL


T0R/B8C


T0G8V]L;W(Z

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL
M=&EM97,[)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL


T0R/C4L-30Y+#`P



[)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V


@;F5W






M





T0R/B8C



[)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N



T0G=&5X

T0R
M/B8C







[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


@;F5W(')O


T0R/B8C
M

M(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L



M;&4]




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO



M=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#4W-PP,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S






M)B

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@


@;F5W



C$L



@;F5W(')O


M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@






S`L




C4W
F5?.#@T8E\T
M8V0S7V(U9CE?86$T-F)E
#(Y-S0U#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+V$U93(U-S)E7S@X-&)?-&-D




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5-13X-B`@(`@(#QT

3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@




T1T



@:6X@97AC
M97-S(&]F(&]N92!Y96%R(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#




'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M)R!N;W=R87`]


M87`]







M93TS1#(^)B


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@







M
C`Q


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@
M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$V)3L@



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@8V]L;W(Z
M(&)L86-K.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$V)3L@8V]L;W(Z


#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&-O


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




M1#(^


M86XL=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S



[)R!S:7IE
M/3-$

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K


M



@;F5W(')O;6%N




[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!C;VQO

@



M86XL=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT+#(V-2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N



[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S





T0R/C(P


M1#(^)B


3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S.R<@<VEZ93TS1#(^,RPT,#DL,#`P/]F



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N



Q-C`[



[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR-#@L




T0G

M;&4]


T0R/B8C



2PV-3`L
#`P







T0R/B8C



T0G9F]N


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXU
S`L










[)R!S:7IE/3-$

T0R
M/C$X+#DS
BPP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M86XL=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@




T0R/B8C
38P


T0G9F]N




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I



T0R/C@S+#`P
M



[)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M

T0G



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO


[
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T






#PO



[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


@;F5W




M97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T.R<^/&9O
M;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE

T0R/B8C



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S



T0R/B8C





T0G


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*








M)B


T0G



M
T0R/B8C


T0G





M93TS1#(^-CDV+#`P





CDW-#4-







3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]






G/E1H92!C;VUP;VYE;G1S(&]F('1H92!I;F-O;64@=&%X


G/B8C
M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#@P)3L@







@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG




@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)SXR

M=&EM97
G/B8C





G
M/C(P
3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@

T0R('-T

Q


MCQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S='EL93TS
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




@;F5W(')O;6%N

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SX\9F]N

M86XL=&EM97
G/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L



M


T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXR+#
T-RPP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@

M97
G/B8C









G/CDL-C@X+#`P
#PO





[

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SY3=&%T93PO9F]N=#X\


M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C







M/3-$

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R



#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

G/B8C
M

M(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/CQF;VYT('-I




M;&4]











Q-C`[



G/CDL.3$Y+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T



RPQ
C0L





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXF(S$V

G/B8C
M



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N

M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C
M


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M

T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N




@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

T0G9F]N

T0G=&5X
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R




T0R('-T

Q

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT




G/D9E9&5R86P\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97
G
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H



C$P+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97
G/BD\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL
M=&EM97
G/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N




M



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T


T0G


@;F5W(')O






M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

T0G

B!S

M:7IE/3-$

T0G=&5X


6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T

T0R('-T

M+#`P


G/B8C
38P



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T












M;&4]

M/3-$




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q

G/B8C
M


M=&EM97
G/C8L
#$U+#`P


M=&EM97
G/B8C



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
F4]


Q-C`[

M


T0G=&5X
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO


M:7IE/3-$
'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$




'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S='EL



T0G=&5X

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$


T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SY4;W1A;!);F-O

M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N


M=&EM97
G/C@L-3@R+#`P






@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R

M





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@




3(L
#@Q+#`P






'!T(#`@
'!T(#`N

M



M=&EM97


]

@*$QI86)I











T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T


B!S


M=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S='EL93TS

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O




@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/CQF;VYT('-I




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF
M(S$V

G/B8C
38P.SPO


T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

T0G

M






G/B8C
38P





4[
M)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

B!S

T0G

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R



S`Q+#`P
#PO9F]N





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D




T0G

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF
M(S$V

T0G8F%C:V=R




T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H



S
V+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C
38P









G/C(T
BPP
#`\+V9O;G0^


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXQ
M-#`L





[('9E

M;'DZ=&EM97

@8V%R

T0R('-T

Q





G/C8Y
BPP
M
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)SXU-#4L




M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT



M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXQ-S@L

T0R

M)B





M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT('-I


'0M86QI9VXZ


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D









G/BT\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXV
#$L

T0R('-T

Q


MCQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT






G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




T0R

M)B



G/C4Q-BPP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S='EL93TS
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXW-RPP
#`\+V9O




@;F5W

M/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97
G
M/B8C


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXU,C8L,#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\


M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V



#PO



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CQF;VYT('-I








M97
G/BT\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L




G

T0G




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)SXQ+#(R.PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


G/B8C
38P


M97
G/BT\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M;&4]

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

G/BT\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

M

M;&4]

T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT



BPQ-3DL

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

M97
G/B8C

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<VEZ93TS

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)SXQ+#,Q,PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


M



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/&9O;G0@


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT('-I








M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M;&4]
6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG<F]U;F0M

T0R('-T


MCQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S='EL

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXH
S
S+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97
G/BD\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM
M97
G/B8C



M/3-$

B!S='EL93TS
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXH
30U+#`P
#PO




M


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S='EL93TS

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXH-S4R+#`P


G/BD\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97
G
M/B8C



M

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXH-#(Y+#`P
#PO9F]N


M86XL=&EM97

T0G







T0R

M)B







T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T




#PO




G
M/B8C



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<VEZ93TS1#(@






T0R



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M



@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)SXH
3`U+#`P


M=&EM97
G/BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


@T*

M*#$P.2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@








M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V


T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXM/]F;VYT/CPO









@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXH
M.PY
3DL


T0R




G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T





B!S='EL93TS

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T



G/B@Q+#@Y
2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXI/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\

G
M/B8C



Q-C`[





G/B8C
38P.SPO



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CQF;VYT('-I








M97
G/B8C

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*






Q-C`[



G/B8C


G/B8C
38P.SPO







M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




M









M;'DZ=&EM97




#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!T

@9F5D


G/B8C
38P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P



M;VT[)SX-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT




M


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@

M



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXR
M

G/B8C
38P


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^4W1A='5T;W)Y(&9E9&5R86P@=&%X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)SXX+#4U.2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@

G
M/B8C










M

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXY
M+#8X.PP,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXS-2XP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


@;F5W(')O;6%N

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@

M97
G/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXQ,2PP.3,L,#`P/]F


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

G/B8C
38P.SPO








S4N


T0R('-T

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S='EL





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF
M(S$V

G/B8C
38P.SPO



G/B8C


T0G

@;F5W(')O;6%N

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/&9O


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT
















G/C$L-CDY+#`P


T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT



M









6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^*#(T.PP
#`\+V9O





M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

T0R('-T





M97
G/B8C

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<VEZ93TS



'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)SXM



'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$


T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L



2PS.#DL





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY
M.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\


M

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N

M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C
M



M
6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L




M





@;F5W(')O;6%N



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C
M



B!S

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXM
XX/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F


T0G



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

M




T0G=&5X
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO


M:7IE/3-$





'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S='EL93TS




M;&4]



M;&4]
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M
M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXE

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



@;F5W(')O;6%N

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL


M
'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXM





@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M
M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^


T0G9F]N



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

M


#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXI/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF







G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C
38P


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXH,2PP-3$L,#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O



M/3-$


M;&4]

B!S='EL
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@



@





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q

G/B8C
M


M=&EM97
G/B8C


M97
G/B8C



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
F4]



B!S='EL93TS



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T








T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXW-2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T


M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C




G/C`N





M

M;&4]




M86XL=&EM97
G/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXX+#4X
BPP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
BXU


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

T0R

M)B




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXS


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXE/]F



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

G/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXY+#$S.2PP
#`\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

G/B8C
38P.SPO






T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXS





T0G

G
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)SXQ
BPP.#$L



B!S='EL93TS




C4W
F5?
M.#@T8E\T8V0S7V(U9CE?86$T-F)E

O4VAE970S
M








3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]










@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S



T0P/@T*/'1R('-T

M



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D


M=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY3:&%R97
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


[
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B





M;&4]


T0R/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#4X

M86XL=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$

2P@
M
C`Q


M97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


M1#(^)B







[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


M)B




M;&4]


T0R/B8C








[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT

[
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-2PW-S`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T




T0R/B8C









T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N



M




'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
6QE/3-$




M=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


@


#`\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



T0R/B8C




[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

M

T0G9F]N


M
T0R/B8C











[)R!S:7IE/3-$




T0R/CPO9F]N=#X\




M)B

C4W
M
F5?.#@T8E\T8V0S7V(U9CE?86$T-F)E

O4VAE
M970S
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P






]


]







T0G;6%R9VEN

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L






'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



G/B8C
M



M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXR




G/B0S+#`P


24)/4B!P;'5S(#$N


2XU
24@870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(N)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[1'5E(#(P


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED

M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!C;VQO


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@





BPS-S4L



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

2P@
C`Q
BXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#M$=64@
C`Q-RX\+V9O

M=&EM97
G/B8C


T0R('-T

Q




2PQ
3
L


T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

B!S
6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT




@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\




T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!C


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D



'0M86QI9VXZ





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXX.3
L






M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V




RPS
S@L


G/B8C
38P.SPO


T0G9F]N







M97
G/B8C


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH-B!L969T.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

G


M



Q-C`[

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T



T0G






@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXF(S$V

T0G




G/B8C









T0G


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V




RPS



G/B8C
38P.SPO




M86XL=&EM97

@;VX@;&]N9RUT
M97)M(&1E8G0@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W









@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXR

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SX\


G/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#

T0R('-T

C(U
M+#`P





T0G
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY
M.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF
M(S$V

T0G8F%C:V=R

M/3-$

B!S='EL
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXR
C4L
#`P







T0G=&5X
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO


M:7IE/3-$

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V



'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXR
C4L

T0R

M)B








G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N


T0R('-T

Q

T0G=&5X
6QE/3-$




G/B8C


T0R('-T

Q

@;F5W(')O;6%N

M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\+W1A8FQE




]
M


T1T







@;F5W



M=#H@




M(#%P=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQF;VYT




M/3-$

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SY996%R($5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
M


T1N

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&-O

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SY-961I9F%S=#PO9F]N=#X\


@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


T0R('-T

Q

B!N;W=R87`]
M


M;&4]


G
M/B8C


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V


M:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]


M86XL=&EM97

B!S='EL93TS

T1N

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S

M

M;&0[)R!N;W=R87`]

T0G



CX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D




@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V




CX\9F]N

M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C

M



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M

M






M86UI;'DZ=&EM97

4[)SX\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

3$L


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXU-BPQ.34L
#`P


T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T0G=&5X


@;F5W(')O;6%N


M97
G/B8C


T0G9F]N




B!S='EL93TS

M;&]R.B!W:&ET93L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/@T*/'1D('-T






T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXW-PY.#0L,#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=C


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D








3
L-C@W+#`P


M



M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V


M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C


G
M/BT\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

M




M

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXX.PV-S$L,#`P/]F;VYT


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO








G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*








3@T+#8Q-2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

G
M/B8C







@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXT
M


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\


M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C


T0R

M)B





M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

G
M/B8C








C




M9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$





B!S

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M
M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^






M;&4]

T0G




M=&EM97
G/B8C






T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXQ
2PR
#4L






M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


T0R

M)B

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXQ-#$L


T0G



M=&EM97
G/B8C





C8L


M;&4]


@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B



G/B@Q+#
V
RPP
#`\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M97
G/BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@

G/B8C
38P.SPO



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS

B!S='EL93TS

M:7IE/3-$








T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXS,BPV.3`L,#`P/]F


M/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M
F4]
T0R

M*#4W-BPP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@












M=&EM97



M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXD/]F;VYT

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXU


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXR-PT-3@L



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S='EL93TS
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




M:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXX-BPY-#0L,#`P/]F;VYT


M

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B
6QE
M/3-$)V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@=&5X=UA


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXQ
M-PV
3`L




G/B8C









M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@





M/3-$



G/C$S
PR-3$L,#`P/]F;VYT/CPO


B!S


@;F5W(')O;6%N






G/B8C




2P@
C`Q







G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D


M


M+6)O='1O;3H@







T1N

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&-O

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97



@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




Q-C`[

B!N;W=R87`]
T1N

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SY#;VYS;VQI9&%T960\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


M/3-$


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S='EL


M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$


T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXR-3DL
3DQ+#`P
#PO





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@
24[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

G/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P)3LG/CQF;VYT



S@L.3DX+#`P


T0R

M)B



M86UI;'DZ=&EM97



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*



M:7IE/3-$




G/B8C




\


M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C


T0R

M)B




L.#@X+#`P
M





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

G/B8C
38P.SPO



G/CDL.#`U+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!C


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D




M97
G/B8C







@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)SXW
RPV.3
L


M;&4]


M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$


B!S
6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT






M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXS,PS
S4L




M;&4]

T0G

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)SXF(S$V



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T





T0R

M


B!S='EL

M+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/@T*/'1D

M=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

T0G8V]L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


M:7IE/3-$

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL

M:7IE/3-$

B!S
6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F




B!S




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8V]L;W(Z

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXX+#,T-PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.PT*(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C








T0R('-T

Q



@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

G
M/B8C

M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8V]L;W(Z


M

M:7IE/3-$

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D

T0R

M*#


M

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


G
M/B@R.3@L








@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C
6QE/3-$
M)V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@=&5X=UA;&EG



S8L
C$P
M+#`P




T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




M:7IE/3-$

#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@






T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS










T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXR-RPV.#`L,#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^


B!S='EL


@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N

M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C
M


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F

G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N


M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C


T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

G
M/B8C



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<VEZ93TS1#(@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@




B!S='EL

#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@





M:7IE/3-$


T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




T0G


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V




C@L-C$Y+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


M


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXU



G/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D



M:7IE/3-$

@

B!S='EL


@;F5W


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M:SL@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S='EL93TS

2P@
C`Q
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M:SL@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\







T0R('-T

Q



B!S

M;W=R87`]

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C




M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M



B!N
M;W=R87`]





T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S='EL


M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$


T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$





@;F5W

4[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M97
G/B8C





M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXR-RPV-S,L,#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\


@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@



Q-C`[


G/B0\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED

M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXM/]F;VYT



@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C







G/C(U-RPU-3(L



G/B8C


M;V8@4V%L97



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T





T0R

M-3@L-SDU+#`P




Q-C`[

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

G
M/B8C


G/C8L
C@X+#`P
M





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

G/B8C
38P.SPO



G/BT\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT



G/B8C






T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)SXV-2PP.#
L




M.B!B;&%C:SL@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S

M:7IE/3-$




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8V]L




M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

G/B8C
38P.SPO








L




M;&4]


M/3-$

M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O

M;&%C:SL@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S='EL

M;&4]

T0G



T0G8V]L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-







T0R

M)B

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

M=&EM97
G/B8C


G/C
P
M-RPP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N






M;&4]








M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M97
G/B8C

M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8V]L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/3-$


T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



'0M86QI





@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D





@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)SXH
34W+#`P

















M;F-O;64@=&%X97
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@

T0R

M)B


M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[('1E

G
M/C

RPP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@







M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXD/]F;VYT

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXU








G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXH-2PX-#
L


G/BD\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
BXU







G/C
Q+#8Y
BPP
#`\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@






M;W1T;VT[)SX-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$




'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S='EL



T0G=&5X








@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF







M

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S









M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@





B!S



G/CDL
S`Q+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D


T0G


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



M86XL=&EM97
G/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M


#`\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M



B!S



M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXY
M-PP-3DL









G/CPO9F]N=#XF(S$V


M7S1C9#-?8C5F.5]A830V8F4P

M


2!R;W=S


@+2!!9&1I

T0Q/C$R($UO;G1H



]


]


;V-A=&EO;CH@

CDW




]






^

M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$P/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

]


]


]



S0L

M=6)T9G5L(&%C8V]U;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M








2PP
#`L

RPP
#`L



]
T1T97AT
M/C






]
T1T


M







]





]

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^36%X:6UU;3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S







]


T1T;W`^1FEN:71E+4QI=F5D(&EN=&%N




C4W
F5?
M.#@T8E\T8V0S7V(U9CE?86$T-F)E

O4VAE970S


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]



M:7!M96YT(%M



M(&QE87-E:&]L9!I;7!R;W9E;65N=',@=7-E9G5L;&EF93PO=&0^#0H@(`@



]

]


]









]
T1T97AT
M/C













M17%U:7!M96YT(%M









]
T1T97AT/C



U]B






]

T1)1#!%


]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q

M
S$L(#(P








]








]
T1N=6UP/C$S+#DV-2PP



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
C



M;6UO;B!S:&%R97





]





M(#$N


S




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2XS


C4W
F5?.#@T8E\T8V0S
M7V(U9CE?86$T-F)E
#(Y-S0U#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+V$U93(U-S)E7S@X-&)?-&-D



M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$5%
D)+/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$



#$R/&)R/CPO

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



M=7)I=&5S(%M







]

]
T1N=6UP/CDT
BPP
#`\

M
#@L




]
T1N=6T^*#8R+#`P




]

]
T1N=6UP/C$Q
2PP



#`P




]
T1N=6UP/C
S+#@P




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]
T1N=6UP/C$T+#(V
BPP


3`L-C`T+#`P


]




]


T1T;W`^0V%S:#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@











]

M86QI9VX]



]


]





]



]



#`P/'-P

3
L
M-#4Y+#`P

]
M

]




]



]

979E

]
T1R93X-










]
T1T97AT


T1T

]
M
T1N=6T^*#4P+#`P




RPP








3$L-3DP+#`P


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%S:`F86UP.R!#87-H($5Q=6EV

#`P

M.#`S+#`P

]
M

]









]


]



M(&%N9!#87-H($5Q=6EV86QE;G1S(&%N9!-87)K971A8FQE(%-E8W5R:71E


]


]


]

M;7`^.38P+#`P


]


]



]







M;7`^.38P+#`P


]


]
T1N=6UP/C@P
RPP
M





]




2!\







M=&%B;&4@4V5C=7)I=&5S(%M








]



3
L
#`P/'-P


M












]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C(T-BPP
#`\

M-C0L





]


M97



]
T1T

]
T1T


M



]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]S=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

2PX-3
L

2PS
3DL
#`P/'-P86X^




M.#DL

M1&YU;7`^



]

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^56YR96%L:7IE9!
;W-S97
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@






]


]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C(L
CDV+#`P


]



]



T1T;W`^26YV

]

]


]




]
T1T

]
T1T

]

M
#0L







]



T1T;W`^56YR96%L:7IE

]
T1N=6T^*#
L
#`P

]
M


M9VX]


S0L

L


M-S$L





]


M97

]
T1N=6UP/C@L


]
M

]


]







]
T1N
M=6UP/C@L-3(Y+#`P


]

]
T1P


]
T1N=6UP/C$V
RPP













#`L
#`P/'-P







]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#
P

]







M;&4@4V5C=7)I=&5S(%M

]

]




]













M='





]
T1N=6UP
M/C0L
S0T+#`P

]













BPP
#`\

M+#
Q-RPP









M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+#`P










]



]







SDS
M+#`P

]
T1T



]


SXQ
B!-;VYT:'

M
2P@
C`Q



]








#`P


M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO835E
C4W
F5?.#@T8E\T8V0S
M7V(U9CE?86$T-F)E

O4VAE970S.2YH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q




]







T1T;W`^4&%C


M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D9I;FES:&5D($=O;V1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D



T1T;W`^4F5S97)V92!F
M;W(@3V)S;VQE=&4@26YV96YT;W)Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S
M/3-$;G5M/B@S-3(L


T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)Y/]T9#X-B`@



M830V8F4P

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O








]










]
T1N=6UP/C
Q+#4V-2PP




]
T1N=6UP/C
X+#@U
M
BPP


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]
T1T97AT

]




]

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]



]


]


]





30L.3DY+#`P


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^17%U:7!M96YT(&%N9!F:7AT=7)E






]
T1N=6UP/C4Q+#4Q
2PP








]
T1N=6UP/B0@
30W+#`P


C4W
F5?.#@T8E\T
M8V0S7V(U9CE?86$T-F)E
#(Y-S0U#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+V$U93(U-S)E7S@X-&)?-&-D



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$590D%#/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S



M86X]

#$R


T1T;W`^/'-T

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-RPP
C0L
#`P/'-P86X^


M7V$U93(U-S)E7S@X-&)?-&-D






]

T1)


]

]


]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#




]

M86QI9VX]





]



]

]





]
T1R;SX-

M
C
U+#`P


]

C`V+#`P






]



]





]
M


M9VX]





]
T1R;SX-

M;7`^)`R+#`S.PP





]

M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO835E
C4W
F5?.#@T8E\T8V0S
M7V(U9CE?86$T-F)E

O4VAE970T
RYH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



SXQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


]


BPP
M




2PP












]





M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E1R861E;6%R:W
L('!A=&5N='

\

]




]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M-#DT+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C0Q+#`P



'0O:'1M






#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S



T1T
M;W`^
C`Q

C@L
M




M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4



M14%(04

S$L
M(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q

]

M(%M



BPV-S@L





]






]



2PP


M+#@S


M8C5F.5]A830V8F4P

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

@4&%Y


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


M86YD($%C8W)U960@17AP96YS97



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO835E
C4W
F5?.#@T8E\T8V0S7V(U9CE?86$T-F)E
M

O4VAE970T-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


T0S/C$R($UO;G1H











]
T1N=6UP/B0@-2PS-S$L
#`P/'-P86X^




]
T1N=6UP/C$L.3(Y+#`P
M

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^36EN:6UU;2!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT




96%S97


]


]


]


]

]


]


]




M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO835E
C4W
F5?.#@T8E\T8V0S7V(U9CE?86$T-F)E
#(Y


M;G0]

044^#0H@


S$L(#(P
3(\


]


]



#$T/]T9#X-B`@

]



]
T1N=6UP/C
L-#`Y+#`P



]

#`\

M/D]P97)A=&EN9R!
96%S97




S
X+#`P


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%P:71A
M;!
96%S97
@


M9VX]

C0X+#`P


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%P:71A;!
96%S97
@
C`Q-CPO


T1T;W`^0V%P:71A

M

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^0V%P:71A;!
96%S97







]
T1N
M=6UP/C$L
#@R+#`P

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%P:71A;!





]



]

]

#QS

]


#
L






M830V8F4P





]

T0R/C$R($UO;G1H











L
M-S`P+#`P

]
M

]

]


]


M86YD('!U;FET:79E(&1A;6%G97

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@




]




M93(U-S)E7S@X-&)?-&-D





]

T1)1#!%

]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P






]



M
'!E;G-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M<#XX+#4X,BPP,#`\<W!A;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-


]
M
'!E;G-E($)E;F5F:70@

]


]
T1N=6UP/CDL-S@W+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/CDL-C@X+#`P


]

]
T1N=6T^*#$L
C$P
M+#`P





]
T1N=6UP/C(L
M-#8S+#`P

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^5&]T86P@1&5F97)R960\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]










]

@86YD(&QI

2P@
C`Q


#$Q/&)R/CPO

]

]


]


]







]
T1N=6UP/C8Y
BPP
#`\

M-#4L

M1&YU;7`^


]
T1P



]
T1N=6UP/C8P
2PP






T1T;W`^


C8L




]





]
T1N=6UP/C(L
34Y+#`P



T1T;W`^56YR

]
T1N=6T^*#
S
RPP

C4P+#`P


T1T;W`^

M;3XH-S4R+#`P

]
T1N=6T^*#0R.2PP


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@X+#`W-2PP
M

M;3XH
2PS


]
T1P


]
T1N=6T^*#$P.2PP






]
T1N=6T^*#@L.#8P+#`P


T1T;W`^


2PP
#`I/'-P86X^


M835E
C4W
F5?.#@T8E\T8V0S7V(U9CE?86$T-F)E
#(Y-S0U#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V$U93(U-S)E7S@X-&)?-&-D
U]B-68Y




^+RH@


M








#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT




]



T1T;W`^4W1A='5T;W)Y

M(#@L-34Y+#`P

2PP.3
L

M;64@=&%X97

]
T1N=6UP/C8W.2PP



#`\




M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@X-C$L
#`P*3QS

]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$L
S@Y+#`P


]
T1N=6T^*#$Y
PP,#`I/'-P86X^/]S


@8W)E9&ET

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S
S8L
M


]

]
T1N=6T^*#8X-BPP

2PP-3$L
#`P*3QS


]

]

M




]


M











BXW



]





]
T1N=6UP/C`N





]
T1N=6T^*#$N
3`E*3QS

]
T1T

]


]

]


]
T1N=6UP/C`N


]

M
S4N

M1&YU;7`^
S
N


S@N


M







3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@


]



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
RPW
#`L
#`P/'-P







C@W+#`P
#QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]





]
T1T97AT


]

M86QI9VX]



]
T1T


M



L





L(&YE=#PO=&0^#0H@














]







]

]
M
T1T97AT/C(P




]
M

]
M

]


]
T1T

]
T1T

]


'0^/'-P86X^/]S

]


C4W
F5?
M.#@T8E\T8V0S7V(U9CE?86$T-F)E
#(Y-S0U#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V$U93(U-S)E7S@X-&)?-&-D
U]B-68Y7V%A-#9B93`R


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E


$5*0T%%/@T*

M



M(&-O;'-P86X]


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S


]



2P@
C`Q
CPO


T1T;W`^1W)A;G1E


]
T1N=6T^*#
Q
RPS-3DI/'-P



T1T
M;W`^56YV97-T960@870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]


T1T;W`^56YV97-T960@870@2F%N=6%R


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M



M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^56YV97-T960@870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(\+W1D









]

]

M(&-O;'-P86X]



]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#



:6YE($ET96US







]


2PP
#`L


M=F4@4&QA;BP@17AP:7)A=&EO;B!T97)M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&5X=#XQ

]


]



]

]



]



]
T1N=6UP/C(T+#`P


]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5S=')I8W1E9!S=&]C:R!A=V%R9#PO=&0^


]



T1T;W`^36%X:6UU;3PO







]


]









]
T1T97AT


T1T







:6YE($ET


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L-3(T
M+#`P





]
T1N=6UP/CDX-BPP




]

]





]

B!D87ES







M(&-O;G1E;G0]



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P







]
T1N=6UP/B0@
RPS
S@L

]
T1R


C4L


2PQ
3DL



M
RPQ
3
L


RPS




]
T1T97AT/CQS

]






BPR
M
C4L

M1&YU;7`^
BPS-S4L



RPP
M
#`L

M1&YU;7`^
RPP
#`L


]


]


2PQ
3
L
M

M;7`^
2PQ.#@L



2PU
#`L
M

M;7`^
2PU
#`L












]


L
#`P/'-P86X^

;VYG




#QS





]

M:6YE(&]F($-R961I=`H4&%R96YT:&5T:6-A;D@*$1E=&%I;D@*%531`D


CXQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S



L
3$S+#`P





]

M86QI9VX]

M;B!
;VYG=&5R;2!$96)T($QI;F4@3V8@0W)E9&ET(%M
:6YE($ET96US73PO





]
T1T97AT/D1E8R`S

]
T1T97AT/D1E8R`S


T1T;W`^

]



]

]
T1P

]
T1R



]



]
T1N
M=6UP/C$L-3`P+#`P




@
M





]
M


]

]
M







M+#`P

]



S$L

]

]
T1T



]

]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P


M;G1S(%M



]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C(R-2PP





]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C(R-2PP





]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L
C$S+#`P



]

M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO835E
C4W
F5?.#@T8E\T8V0S7V(U9CE?
M86$T-F)E

O4VAE970U.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]










]


]


]



#(L



C`Q


]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]



T1T;W`^3&EN




]


C4W
M
F5?.#@T8E\T8V0S7V(U9CE?86$T-F)E

O4VAE
M970V





]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3`\







U-BPW
#8L
M



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C4W+#4U
BPP

\



M;7`^
C

]
T1N=6UP/C$U-PY-S$L,#`P/'-P86X^/]S



3$L
C`U+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C4L.#4Y+#`P


]

]
T1N
M=6T^*#$L
3DV+#`P


]
T1N=6T^*#4R+#`P


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@







]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C$P
M-2PV-C4L


#4Y+#`P



]





]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(U.2PQ.3$L
#`P/'-P

C(Y
M+#@W.2PP





RPX.#@L



]


]
T1N
M=6UP/C$S-2PT-#$L



#`P/'-P

M
38L



30Q+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C$P-2PP
M



BPV.3`L

S8L
C$P+#`P



]


]

]
T1R:#X-





:6YE($ET


M
3DU+#`P



L


#`P/'-P86X^

#4L
M

M;7`^-BPR.#@L



M

]
T1N=6UP/C$S+#@S-RPP







C8L
#`P

M


]

]
T1N=6T^*#(L-S
X+#`P


]

3`L


3(L-C4X+#`P

T1T;W`^3W1H97(@16YT:71Y













]
T1R;SX-

]





]



#`P

M-2PV.3
L




]
T1N=6UP/C
S
BPP



M



]
T1N=6T^*#




M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W+#8U-BPP






M(#(X+#8Y-RPP






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL

CDW-#4O


M36%I;D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1(N+B]7;W)K8F]O:RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#`R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P
RYH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#$T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-2YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M,T0B4VAE970Q.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3DN
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T,C(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(S
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#(V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
M-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C@N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970S,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
S$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
R+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#,U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S-BYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970S.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#`N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T-#
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0T+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#0W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T.YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970U
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3(N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T-34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4V+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#4Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V

C4W
F5?.#@T


 'defref_med_ExpectedAmortizationExpenseLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfAcquiredIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ExpectedAmortizationExpenseLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfAcquiredIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ExpectedAmortizationExpenseLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfAcquiredIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<table style=width: 80%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2
 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2
 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman

<p style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<table style=width: 80%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman

<td style=text-align:

<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2
 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ScheduleOfStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveIncomeTaxRateTableTextBlock'
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new
 roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new
 roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman

<td style=padding-bottom:

<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesAndCapitalLeasesTableTextBlock'

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman

<div style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNonvestedRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock'
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<table style=width: 90%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman

<td style=text-align:

<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationFiscalYearMaturityScheduleTableTextBlock'
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<table style=width: 50%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


 incorporated in 1989. The Company&#8217;s operations are primarily conducted through six of its wholly owned subsidiaries
 Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc. (Jason)
 Take Shape for Life
 Inc. (&#8220;TSFL&#8221;)
 Jason Enterprises
 Inc.
 Jason Properties
 LLC
 Medifast Franchise Systems
 and Seven Crondall
 LLC. The Company is engaged in the production
 distribution
 and sale of weight management and disease management products and other consumable health and diet products. Medifast
 Inc.&#8217;s product lines include weight and disease management
 and meal replacement products manufactured in a modern
 FDA approved facility in Owings Mills
 Maryland.

The Company is engaged in the manufacturing and distribution of Medifast branded and private-label weight and disease management products. These products are sold through various channels of distribution
 including the internet
 call center
 independent health advisors
 medical professionals
 weight loss clinics
 and direct consumer marketing supported via the phone and internet. The processing
 formulation
 packaging
 labeling and advertising of the Company&#8217;s products are subject to regulation by one or more federal agencies
 including the Food and Drug Administration
 the Federal Trade Commission
 the Consumer Product Safety Commission
 the United States Department of Agriculture
 and the United States Environmental Protection Agency.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 C1
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 4
 14
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Segment Reporting
 Disclosure Of Entity's Reportable Segments [Abstract]
        


        
The following tables present segment information for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011
 and 2010:





Year Ended December 31
 2012




































300
511
000



56
195
000







356
706
000






74
984
000



13
687
000







88
671
000



Selling
 General and Administrative Expense


184
615
000



40
194
000



8
759
000



233
568
000






8
081
000



2
864
000



260
000



11
205
000






141
000



26
000



(1
363
000



(1
196
000






32
690
000



(576
000



(7
656
000



24
458
000

























86
944
000





610
000



28
697
000



130
251
000








Year Ended December 31
 2011




































259
191
000



38
998
000








298
189
000






63
888
000



9
805
000







73
693
000



Selling
 General and Administrative Expense


152
647
000



30
335
000



5
788
000



188
770
000






6
416
000



1
596
000



332
000



8
344
000






30
000







(328
000



(298
000






36
210
000



(2
738
000



(5
792
000



27
680
000

























64
388
000



12
658
000



28
619
000



105
665
000








Year Ended December 31
 2010





































229
879
000



27
673
000







257
552
000






58
795
000



6
288
000







65
083
000



Selling
 General and Administrative Expense


135
441
000



13
837
000



5
693
000



154
971
000






4
765
000





000



307
000



5
858
000






105
000







(157
000



(52
000






30
773
000



6
762
000



(5
843
000



31
692
000

























55
858
000



9
301
000



28
900
000



94
059
000








        
          

        
          
            

 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.
              
 -Paragraph 27
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Property
 Plant and Equipment (Detail) (USD $)











Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

674
000

476
000


        

565
000

624
000


Property
 plant and equipment - net

109
000

852
000



          

        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

000

000



          

        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

366
000

999
000



          

        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

511
000

657
000



          

        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

000

000




        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization (related to property
 plant and equipment
 but not including land) that has been recognized in the income statement.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 of long-lived physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      


















        
        
        
        
        


        

700
000
        
        
        


Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Tax Credits
        
        
        
        


        
        

000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        

400
000
        
        


Operating loss carryforwards
 expiration dates
        
        
        
        


Deferred Tax Assets
 Tax Credit Carryforwards
 Foreign
        

000
        
        


Credit carry forwards
 net
        

000
        
        


Credit carryforward
 expiration date
        

         2017
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Capital loss carryforwards
 expiration year
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Capital loss carryforwards
 expiration year
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 foreign and state and local operating loss carryforwards
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or the applicable range of such expiration dates.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

937
000

262
000


Accounts receivable-net of allowance for sales returns and doubtful accounts of $542
000 and $504
000

148
000

477
000


        

804
000

969
000


        

057
000

538
000


Income taxes
 prepaid

000

434
000


        

296
000

251
000


        

460
000

055
000


        

575
000

986
000


Property
 plant and equipment - net

109
000

852
000


        

000

003
000


        

139
000

824
000


        

251
000

665
000


        
        
        


        

221
000

830
000


        

000

426
000


        

749
000

256
000


        
        
        


Long-term debt
 net of current portion

113
000

337
000


Capital leases
 net of current portion

000

000


        

907
000

756
000


        

465
000

263
000


        
        
        


Preferred stock
 $.001 par value (1
500
000 authorized
 no shares issued and outstanding)
        
        


Common stock; par value $.001 per share; 20
000
000 shares authorized; 15
525
955 and 15
510
185 issued; 13
767
380 and 13
596
021 issued and outstanding

000

000


        

191
000

076
000


        

000

000


        

534
000

658
000


Less: cost of 1
608
908 and 1
458
908 shares of common stock in treasury

508
000)

744
000)


        

786
000

402
000


        

251
000

665
000




        
          

        
          
            

 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
              
 -Paragraph 14
 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal
 through the balance sheet date and due to be paid more than one year (or one operating cycle
 if longer) after the balance sheet date.
              
 -Paragraph 7
 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -Paragraph 41
 42
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards net of valuation allowances expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
 -Paragraph 41
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
              
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
 -Paragraph 42
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as applicable)
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the portion which is due in one year or less in the future.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer (current maturities). Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 and the aggregate carrying amount of current assets
 as of the balance sheet date
 not separately presented elsewhere in the balance sheet. Current assets are expected to be realized or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 of long-lived physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whichever is longer) including trading securities
 available-for-sale securities
 held-to-maturity securities
 and other short-term investments not otherwise listed in the existing taxonomy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased by the entity
 and are held in its treasury.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

226
000

678
000


        

549
000

578
000


        

295
000
        


        

151
000

574
000


        

221
000

830
000




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including liabilities incurred and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 compensation costs
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits (other than pension and postretirement obligations)
 contractual rights and obligations
 and statutory obligations.
              
 -Subparagraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.15(1)
(5))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are not elsewhere specified in the taxonomy. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including value added tax.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          


          


          


          


          


          


          



Balance at Dec. 31
 2009

817
000

000

456
000

506
000

000

320
000)


Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2009
        

398
941
        
        
        
        


        
        

660
        
        
        
        


        

000
        

000
        
        
        


        
        

000
        
        
        
        


        

000
        

000
        
        
        


        

528
000
        

528
000
        
        
        


        

770
000
        

770
000
        
        
        


        
        

500
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000)
        
        
        
        

000)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

611
000
        
        

611
000
        
        


        

000
        
        
        

000
        


        

692
000
        
        
        
        
        


Balance at Dec. 31
 2010

956
000

000

938
000

117
000

000

355
000)


Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2010
        

431
101
        
        
        
        


        

524
000
        

524
000
        
        
        


        

000
        

000
        
        
        


        
        

084
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

389
000)
        
        
        
        

389
000)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

541
000
        
        

541
000
        
        


        

000
        
        
        

000
        


        

697
000
        
        
        
        
        


Balance at Dec. 31
 2011

402
000

000

076
000

658
000

000

744
000)


Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2011
        

510
185
        
        
        
        


        

850
000
        

850
000
        
        
        


        

265
000
        

265
000
        
        
        


        
        

770
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

764
000)
        
        
        
        

764
000)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

876
000
        
        

876
000
        
        


        

000
        
        
        

000
        


        

033
000
        
        
        
        
        


Balance at Dec. 31
 2012

786
000

000

191
000

534
000

000

508
000)


Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2012
        

525
955
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 that is
 the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized). Alternate captions include the words stock-based compensation.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but excludes any and all transactions which are directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of any shares forfeited.
              
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of the stock value of such awards forfeited.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

000

000

000


        

         2013
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

000
000
        
        


        

 which was 1.96
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 such as LIBOR or the US Treasury rate and the maturity of the reference rate used
 such as three months or six months LIBOR.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      







          

        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


        
        



          

        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 useful life
        



          

        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 useful life
        



          

        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 useful life
        



          

        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 useful life
        



          

        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 useful life
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        





















        
        


































876





541





611






































721





965





082









































739





198





572




































































        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 type of asset
 asset classification
 useful life
 useful purpose
 acquisition cost
 method of acquisition or disposal
 depreciation method
 gain (loss) on disposal pretax and net of tax
 date of acquisition or disposal and restrictions on amount of proceeds from donated assets.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the effect that has been given to preferred dividends.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

876
000

541
000

611
000


        
        
        
        


        

721
997

965
018

082
213


        

827

477

708


        

739
824

198
495

572
921


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 36
 37
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 11
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Inventories consisted of the following at December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011:
















318





591








614





204








224





295





















804





969








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
              
 -Subparagraph a
b
c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.1.0.1
 *
 */
var moreDialog = null;
var Show = {
    Default:'raw'
    more:function( obj ){
        var bClosed = false;
        if( moreDialog != null )
        {
			try
			{
				bClosed = moreDialog.closed;
			}
			catch(e)
			{
				//Per article at http://support.microsoft.com/kb/244375 there is a problem with the WebBrowser control
				// that somtimes causes it to throw when checking the closed property on a child window that has been
				//closed.  So if the exception occurs we assume the window is closed and move on from there.
				bClosed = true;
			}
			if( !bClosed ){
				moreDialog.close();
			}
        }
        obj = obj.parentNode.getElementsByTagName( 'pre' )[0];
		var hasHtmlTag = false;
		var objHtml = '';
		var raw = '';
		//Check for raw HTML
		var nodes = obj.getElementsByTagName( '*' );
		if( nodes.length ){
			objHtml = obj.innerHTML;
		}else{
			if( obj.innerText ){
				raw = obj.innerText;
			}else{
				raw = obj.textContent;
			}

			if( matches && matches.length ){
				objHtml = raw;
				//If there is an html node it will be 1st or 2nd
				//   but we can check a little further.
				var n = Math.min( 5
 matches.length );

					var el = matches[ i ].toString().toLowerCase();

						hasHtmlTag = true;
						break;
					}
				}
			}
		}
        if( objHtml.length ){
			var html = '';
			if( hasHtmlTag ){
				html = objHtml;
			}else{


'+

					\n+'    body {'+
					\n+'    }'+
					\n+'    table {'+
					\n+'    }'+



						objHtml +


			}
			moreDialog = window.open(
More
width=700,height=650,status=0,resizable=yes,menubar=no,toolbar=no,scrollbars=yes);
			moreDialog.document.write( html );
			moreDialog.document.close();
			if( !hasHtmlTag ){
				moreDialog.document.body.style.margin = '0.5em';
			}
        }
        else
        {
			//default view logic
			var lines = raw.split( \n );
			var longest = 0;


					longest = Math.max( longest
 lines[p].length );
				}
			}
			//Decide on the default view

			//Build formatted view

			var formatted = '';

				if( text.length == 1 ){

;
				}else{

\n;
					}
				}
			}else{
';
			}


'+

				\n+'    body {'+
				\n+'       background-color: #f0f9ee;'+
				\n+'       font-family: Arial
 san-serif; font-size: 0.8em;'+
				\n+'    }'+
				\n+'    table {'+
				\n+'       font-size: 1em;'+
				\n+'    }'+




				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+


				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+


				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+





			moreDialog = window.open(
More
width=700,height=650,status=0,resizable=yes,menubar=no,toolbar=no,scrollbars=yes);
			moreDialog.document.write(html);
			moreDialog.document.close();
			this.toggle( moreDialog );
        }
		moreDialog.document.title = 'Report Preview Details';
    }
    toggle:function( win
 domLink ){
        var domId = this.Default;
        var doc = win.document;
        var domEl = doc.getElementById( domId );
        domEl.style.display = 'block';
        this.Default = domId == 'raw' ? 'formatted' : 'raw';
        if( domLink ){
            domLink.innerHTML = this.Default == 'raw' ? 'with Text Wrapped' : 'as Filed';
        }
        var domElOpposite = doc.getElementById( this.Default );
        domElOpposite.style.display = 'none';
    }
	LastAR : null
	showAR : function ( link
 id
 win ){
		if( Show.LastAR ){
			Show.hideAR();
		}
		var ref = link;
		do {
			ref = ref.nextSibling;
		} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
		if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
			var tmp = win ?
				win.document.getElementById(id) :
				document.getElementById(id);
			if( tmp ){
				ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
				ref.id = '';
				link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
			}
		}
		if( ref ){
			ref.style.display = 'block';
			Show.LastAR = ref;
		}
	}
	toggleNext : function( link ){
		var ref = link;
		do{
			ref = ref.nextSibling;
		}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
		if( ref.style &&
			ref.style.display &&
			ref.style.display == 'none' ){
			ref.style.display = 'block';
			if( link.textContent ){
				link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
			}else{
				link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
			}
		}else{
			ref.style.display = 'none';
			if( link.textContent ){
				link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
			}else{
				link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
			}
		}
	}
	hideAR : function(){
		Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
	}
}











    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

876
000

541
000

611
000


        
        
        
        


        

205
000

344
000

859
000


Realized loss on investment securities
 net

000

000

000


        
        
        

000


        

850
000

524
000

628
000


        

337
000)

015
000

000)


        

000
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

000)

000)

000


        

000)

000)

302
000)


        

045
000)

000)

639
000


        

000

000)

000


        

391
000

810
000

302
000


        

561
000

168
000)

000)


        

264
000

870
000

769
000


        
        
        
        


        

109
000

064
000

487
000


        

390
000)

278
000)

973
000)


        

383
000)

273
000)

055
000)


        
        

000)
        


        

664
000)

874
000)

541
000)


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

000


        
        
        

000


        

444
000)

136
000)

000)


        

000

000

000


        

265
000

000

770
000


        

764
000)

389
000)

000)


        

925
000)

899
000)

333
000


        

675
000

903
000)

561
000


        

262
000

165
000

604
000


        

937
000

262
000

165
000


        
        
        
        


        

000

000

000


        

093
000

125
000

677
000


        
        
        
        


        

000

014
000
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 not including gains (losses) on securities separately or otherwise categorized as trading
 available-for-sale
 or held-to-maturity
 which
 for cash flow reporting
 is a component of proceeds from investing activities.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 other noncurrent assets
 or a combination of other current and noncurrent assets.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 deferred expenses
 intangible assets
 or income taxes.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including those of discontinued operations
 of the reporting entity. Operating activities generally involve producing and delivering goods and providing services. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value that are not defined as investing or financing activities. While for technical reasons this element has no balance attribute
 the default assumption is a debit balance consistent with its label.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 security
 other) during the period.
              
 -Paragraph 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 preferred stock
 treasury stock
 stock options
 and other types of equity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 18
 19
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including securities and other assets
 having ready marketability and intended by management to be liquidated
 if necessary
 within the current operating cycle. Includes cash flows from securities classified as trading securities that were acquired for reasons other than sale in the short-term.
              
 -Paragraph 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











Accounts receivable
 allowance for sales returns and doubtful accounts

000

000


Preferred stock
 par value
        
        


Preferred stock
 authorized

500
000

500
000


Preferred stock
 shares issued
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares outstanding
        
        


Common stock
 par value
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000

000
000


Common stock
 issued

525
955

510
185


Common stock
 outstanding

767
380

596
021


Common stock in treasury
 shares

608
908

458
908




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



































9
787
000



2
347
000



9
688
000






132
000



777
000



2
463
000



Total
 Current


9
919
000



3
124
000



12
151
000




































(1
210
000



5
446
000



(62
000






(127
000



569
000



(8
000






(1
337
000



6
015
000



(70
000





















8
582
000



9
139
000



12
081
000




Deferred tax assets (liabilities) consisted of the following at December 31



































301
000



314
000






336
000



242
000



140
000






692
000



545
000



178
000














601
000








000



516
000



77
000






526
000



555
000










1
228
000














3
472
000



2
159
000



1
310
000





















(333
000



(250
000



(145
000






(752
000



(426
000



(429
000






(7
729
000



(8
075
000



(1
317
000






(105
000



(109
000










(8
919
000



(8
860
000



(1
891
000





















(5
447
000



(6
701
000



(581
000























8
559
000









688
000







11
093
000







State income taxes
 net of federal benefit


679
000







1
015
000







1
699
000










(902
000







(248
000







(861
000











1
389
000


























(190
000







71
000







75
000










(267
000







(336
000



















(686
000







(1
051
000


































75
000










8
582
000







9
139
000







12
081
000








The 2012 and 2011 effective tax rate is impacted by the Company&#8217;s extensive state income tax planning.&#160; This planning includes taking advantage of Maryland&#8217;s apportionment methodology.&#160; As a manufacturing entity based in Maryland
 the Company utilizes the single sales factor apportionment method in addition to claiming new state jobs credits and research &amp; development credits.&#160; These benefits were offset by a $3.7 million FTC nondeductible settlement in 2012.

The Company has federal capital loss carry forwards of approximately $287
000 that can be carried forward for five years and will expire in 2014 through 2017.&#160; Separate company state net operating loss carry forwards totaling $5.4 million start expiring in 2031.&#160; Maryland state credits carry forwards totaling $293
000 and a Pennsylvania credit carry forward totaling $29
000 will expire in 2017.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
 -Paragraph 136
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 43
 44
 45
 46
 47
 48
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

         2012
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

767
380
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        














Unvested at December 31
 2011


455
256










15
770










(313
359










(8
000







Unvested at December 31
 2012


149
667








The total share-based compensation expense charged against income during the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011
 and 2010 were $2
850
000
 $2
524
000
 and $2
678
000
 respectively. Included in share-based compensation expense for 2012 is $633
000 for 24
000 shares of performance awards to be issued to certain key employees based on achieving 2012 financial plan.&#160; The Company intends to issue additional performance awards in 2013 to certain key employees if certain 2013 financial plans are met.&#160; During 2013
 the Company issued 137
000 restricted stock awards to certain key employees to vest over 3 - 5 years commencing January 1
The total income tax benefit recognized in the consolidated statement of income for these restricted stock awards was approximately $969
000
 $986
000 and $1
044
000 for the years ending December 31
 2012
 2011
 and 2010
 respectively. The tax benefit recognized in additional paid-in capital upon vesting of restricted stock awards was approximately $1
265
000
 $614
000 and $1
770
000 for the years ending December 31
 2012
 2011
 2010
 respectively. There was approximately $1.2 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock awards as of December 31
 2012. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately 1.2 years.

In September 2012
 the 2012 Share Incentive Plan was approved at the 2012 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The plan has a ten year term
 expiring in 2022
 and allows for an additional 1
000
000 shares of Company stock to be issued to participants. The awards may be issued in the form of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 and restricted shares. No shares have been granted for this incentive plan as of December 31
 2012.




        
          

        
          
            

 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 64
 65
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0001144204-13-015443-xbrl.zip

3(Q
C
Q+GAM




TCY*GRU=#-^]%U*AX].?5Y;W]#
;6T/7#R/+M
M#!:W`#OYOAL&BB3J15_

R9=1Q!`O
!CT]
MP-T7=X/C
#'P._`X2+K%\=RFBCO/T00&$P`C%X3I;IHT$$TGZ.O0'4^\Y6_/

8J8/W]Y'O<Z/I^]^N@W]!GA`.$F:SOW4='KQZ\$G`?UCBH(L
MF1^.R(]Q@T?Y%)`HW,!)44QZ?X1^P-&2(^R^/[U^]/%+^_?'V58KBB#'_<1


_=%_`!1K'

M^*?6Q(TL;Z]T7
AC?U2-_AP'_GT4V#_W2KTK?/5'I=\@L
(83O=/J3F





QLL5GCB^E^O_U?;1@/I
M'\^!!T(+_6]_K?LU[;PIHH(9%F-Q1/BQ$25I#:+P/;\GZ)H1LZ;I*8P[5/



M7?


M:SYG+


^



M6ZY=XM^ZH;SU3*2ZX)*;?5+?R'+A[Y87@\_3Y7]^1?*TH/T\O00OP)L=?UL\

U_0W%!+

L:YJG`9P$$


N-DF:4RS@$2ZV/8V=#UEDH9VZF:55P
MJ^N



M'GQ[;8276.'ZYS59FJP'WUY;X/7@^ZQ]7L*GW_KG-7]V40^^6_;`BP1Q.^!5




M'$Q+R\&TN??SRT

[OH%R?PR5WT!9

M9JQSMS=0=LI
N=5U4O&\I%675


=]T81'5X94%L



M(\]Z*M?@H^6%8-9BYNM%DPLRMTDO.I^5`2G7]+N+RB+.-$72&;FA;7DX?WN$



(RU)#O4H79/VDT*1J8.&6+*SJU()PBH
E:30&H








M:DPM25/0.-
@N`TL290TEL9.@UC5E#21H9N@N$-9(&/O[:@Q-25#

@WO99G8S
^GQ`K+QO=L
M%/84E0C@=L`#[3*)0F/0=H^_S*T)A78D-

M;P)A;--KQC:F+ML4R1

%)KL`1;W/XU8;*\$
+7*G!H2F0I0UXD`@$:3.3Z:






Z/
MH6T+I3%V*
N_BL2
G?RMFUL+WLDSSG)ZMXM@$DYODUTD2I9FV)#/O@D'`J



$@L@=-EH0B4@=^`%^/$:
NF(:R(Z;%#.0-4/?#5SV)O<%!F%XX/'-5GH5095T904HE9C
MJOG-J=+*XBD*D2C$AHMJ]P09+4
3]\Y<<:NGUR;%KDOB^L^

MU.90V1X$I?/ILB'5#X*B(IF\$XLX@+1@`9GM#3N;ZN`S]8?+:N8%^EY32=
MK!Y+)UH#2
I!


EYG?UXV'LFQ6Q9?@W

M5'30

@0NMWBF`K$DB%W(C$Y4A7L7EHJYW3C54=1Z=;;#YHG++K#M[


M.9#^`.[3
_KMY`6%.4_@.L9=^.9QY7CE)KUOS1%*`=\`E;+U2A#JQ%[BM*RI




MN0:OR2
6J\Z5&5$U+7V2KA3.$IPE]=LJ

M5JWT&G'BHF[$;9-.?5=F]5RRE$Q655)Z+9TZ[:[7DJ7D]1E$]-$WZ=1X16#+






MW'^S66Q4=.*6M`)BGW(1H?_V0!W05$

#

M/`E#P(SPU


13B@7


LBQ8=`J3\D-F6*..AST&B\FM[T
MWK4?C1$;O5O\YO&OK)R5[AN/Q;@;K=?=F`M)7WAID'?XE59O8UI5`L@[A-'0

M\B?+I];$X
%DX;/'.PLK&MFND4)W5V



^I.#.N*-!P?_OT8D#%\[8JH










5[BX^AQ

94YPY&&(*2F3UB+E3Z]L

%O^7K



M9%2#CZ
JF.*UU-.##UR&/#9;H?-5%HJT#GGXPON8(?=


M06?1D628C`:T=;6\_Y

3_`*W


ZF:A


XU6(ZO\=V%PZ0@^1GAZI
M88HHC]/*9VE91)\G%&9PHXC.*1(E?+:F22_N#!DX]F=@,.0U^OUA_'_*GM


MD;_6U/-4+U&0+^(X

M6P17(8;.B7Y(0!/=*'
])P((M]!G^KGMLI&C/\E:['KG[`NJ7)[4SPM/$U!O


A9(B-

9+Q.Q%XU=?`\B&2B/(H&\-:$X_W-77P/(ADHCRFVATNT[Z+8RIQ(L@ZFMC

W(.0:/Q?-=

H@
RLV@G
XS

MZ(^4EG*7*/;''QW6O$)1U;)B]4:/M$B)'FF1$CW2(B5ZI*5T]#__A
1(20S2



XS%*J1
;FJ+U)8M3D!5L(U*Q47`;*28[5L63

OD$\$.P=1R'V9W.=<&48'<`PBZJ:

^U2+N105!A?MBO;4(VI^OT-.1$
D[.VQ7M

T*@


M2FABA(A*&&C\_2KU4

D(@A&'.;U/&@

R1+`NZ
M.K-\YCX+D/

M+ZN]P;^W/;^^AI0/D434_F:Y#$KZFXT(OWWHDC?\XX_4L'(=9$?*:T!YDO$[



EZFF_O8I=Q-CM$C
M-5^GGU:/0_8T]H\7@#(\OH=I&2/8E


XSQ^@&\RS@Z3ZDI185JS=ZI$5*]$B+

-93LS--[\DQ(U`$B&X-N)U\^6^0$6\AQLR%=Y%S

MR

RLI'@
&*L!!+I)?$OE=G.9$?24;KL.*8]0
M!Z<^R$7^T0^4N[9[W$*NR7Z`BIVY!X)B40BD4@D$HE$(I%()!*)1(E72+4
M+MM9*O%@^]3<5X@9RRIH]U*)2

ME5$KJ-@E^-=#PRV/&*LB
\;GT+55]=.7
*

#
MH#7`/@WGQX#PY\$XG%_[QHQYQ&)SXMHS:BGA!PKQF&N


:0DN00U%5VIA

5E7Y:OV2&TR@





;)IJ7Y+[;U_O;[X]_*&0^[OK+P_D^LL'

2]FOLLUJ

MB7WZ+]BA


(:?O*UMX
9U^AS-PE

TF6_=_`\XWQ8D#*7TPLH]CO

MDCUFF3R&S


MUG98I

M[3M%%#6P







MR8F7'$&
MVV\M?N

MN/[[A*4



MC30V2!/'P
WCX;&Q0
++2\]G&T
O6=EGRTC6B(PR1*A]5VB^+?C/Y`12&3
6$=!Y$RJL`
Z*1%5W



MW1D\5X($6-X$C7

A



M/=WR*O['GG1'@YW=PML9L9'BU8'/DHQ]@(1M`CT8(!#2RV^.2#


Y[%
`CQPVR!.72R09B;J-2/$/7,G\.6U1%0H^5#;P&V8
MP2H*7:WHI]$-O!9;J]5
7P*HKEY^)X.0:G`O`]@G*P7F+.

MS6G=@
WOP+)4IWC9E*B:8








MV^KG+5M$@%

M%W@3DLKTH4D;F])L2M
GNK2XK#;;TCESDY:PL1)!)YB$(:_VK[.^:=8]N?JI


M6

ML&R)#^L\6&:;J0`Z;&MD:OE8YO?1+3J&MK.'CGN$]]?7!Z3JW*[1]XM.Y7OA
M?B^F$!]!].#KE_B+W6Z)7WX___3;!W'Q[I^[1?R:.#76@[LSS9\PJOISCF$*


6FPU`ULW


Q



WRJO']1[!`-9'ATG62D-0IIO7[.


M=__T.%(!:.Q\J;FH)RZFDH?PBU0ROH8_1J'PPVMP

MN0YK.=IC+EG^/=YXI#UF]LXK/V`K+;'05XPE

;]OOA6.(E\U&A68[&NSD`


IA_\IQ


=(8:1Q56K#54%FHZ5:9*9Y_!
@LU#D;V:SK&6O58&W8SW?\2@YK
MSY\QVHBBS;:&HX+K:%:$-H[7S;^+=72;:8UCQRF.F2'`$&`(4/&1BRM[_;M

QF!CL&74;
.F0NV6









MT@QVV+$';Y4`R

85V5W_`AX/%&*A
W&_XV1U?
MNV'B7DFL3/:;&R_AP?&M[MSY/(HQM[^^JCF3R30:1T%TM=SNY!T\MU42`%N&


M\=)I#03(/4`J

MH&(5I(81+'





IUYV]^T;KKPOW^




M08&5\::Q0


MJ5#35_P@]*KRZ
5%^JRE2QE!H?]#^E=3.3Y[!W

M/:X@'W%U^CNN3DV5:+F!!ZF*[Q54Z?V/$%=;6#;!OP%[5\XN81%V;$MO1625
M0+$%WXO88J1$4;JMN*I7PQ-W5[/ZO3ZS651W?V7S9',IQ[W8Z73+H:40:M]
M^7HFH!2Q6TI'-\;
2IH%UTO8G+\&*-I@+W^.5?@Z5W/&@PX&2?=




E-,=\UBKVN&U65]V

MEWW'!!CJ+W5?I@$=D#F7





M%&I#W34#@1\Z0AH@D+Z.\$ATY/5]([YQU=T`WE%_E`)Y9!)`&Q3;5KO;78/N

M4KN=!!B//;E]PXY]/)


.^C42F83I0S!G\3M2R!XT(6EA
M4T@;8

[(
MT0TG&GP

CRO<;6?EAV[L*8''=1%[7(KMHC.'IY@^

X


4;ZCU&D$/3&&VZN]#/]@6X#G6W6UJ

&+




MM4$&H5`Y39@;WTH8!3MP%[CXU++3-!AP6I:-'V8P9+`[RBD-&7//3-7+





@#[O/EF9&:$=7I_+'D[*-=D2NLD11032].


1X5('`_):9-P_T+\.N0

MJ34S_(!MIG[ZZ_J:_O'7W+4)MI.-;#2[BC\M]8BH`(&_7G]@:J%?
`E9@9NY







M*]D+^'A

GK#F'7:?G*=182$S9HR!005E

M(FJ`+\/;Y!VWNI?``JP
3-8'F`T`()6M$R(2*45@OD?;IY]VZJ5)0K.CJ1


EI'G8%Z


4KJ=CMK7M&I/!U:MKZ;??T9XZ0]4;5SQ







M`HVZ








LMHO6M98

*#4@E8(A\M6




HO4HV]KI




M.I')[D=R0`DVH'KJL.CI




M?:[
+

+[IP_'SM;M8&LX339BVX.O'N6O;
M3XK[Z
#3_'#B6U/+\Q4YO\:/M#P96YX\

;T2YG1M+



MG@MBGAL/F(@-!+;6H``496DQ(LW'.Y/JZX]A
05XK*-/S_\
GGV7L?((1B













`OMZ+ZCO8;EIG7[


M-FY7(V9!J/T+=?=@P2_
TT^IS01$N[`.2C0'$Z%ASM?6`TRE4QP!^)0%FCB8






M)^8W;OOYNU6\^)'@N/
36[
TGJBS



M3]XW`@L^6`[:UG^C\-7





MG?BN#2

M'!PPLN$B9`]BX
6?87P2D
U#?!@71C
8;/

@VAHXP
M(`GS$!NM%+`[I!NM+A)WBK_Q$2B`&T'ZP-HEK&&X:-9%PD8RBHO';:COA+?B

5RJN'49!1V.YA''`


5YBX)87-49T=@?H4;L1K[50


M+II5/UI1^8YVO&+)OL4GE.B0&


GOPR$8RWP$S\A28*9C@V

8





1.
MS!8.5EGWHBASRB*QM1_;T63!;X4;)-MXY/E!+`/*R604@:DS6;1Z:X!LWX(D



M%WLK6OKWSTH20/J*]MV^9IX'1\)#O;/L`P`B:]0Y?#@JQ\$Q882\I%LN1-


M
.G_`@
_+*ZJ`
2/H!I@N8:DWL4*T\S3<F5NLO+./69#F!4#?JE


MC[38^
F:IR^@^N#*F6*^]K+0;I]H+E7$H:I0'IGG$;.927=++EWBI?$6%;LR
MNUM'MXA9HGQJRVRZVI#
2#4DRSHU&*\-`[KAM.

MCZF2]C428HRD/BRT:3G6RB89BYZ/[K`K-/YBA@Y[)O.4W/2#DG5;8-R9_\

MV&=^[!




@M&G@
8I


M'6PW(V#OC8
*E\J'_6^-LN$P82UY_=H;


#AY2HJ^

2T0


M*#.RG@JV(22-IVM1Y+R@4`YT[P5L9N^'TPT&^7]`)C;/(1$*XA&-5&D1E7PW
M:`7H%S1IUD_?




MSRS


#)0^#Y

MPY:(HW'9GR($QH.^VM%&+1%'X[(_/0CTU
Y(5W6MVPIQ-+O;BHE397#[/G_.


#4D(2`A($@(-+Y:WIR?5`9W:]'CZ$SQUE/E
MQWJ0Y=%

F-88E=0$)`
M0D!H)5K




MK*1)7N_RQ*YD3;+

MB+9R\(@9N)ZO9OKF\5Y]]]B


MIW5X?*;-A
S


L





R\*W#2M
&NC^^21@
[@^%`?9`W1-+EGIJ2;H[

WBUM<@_E^`(<6^_HAPA+D



MM.QIU&!V$GT`'Q+


6.

MU@$[W7;&63[S%QG:VBLSSP


M7BM]#8NENQPEI_


M:B)6!ZKTR`KFJ2X+Q_K`AXG@U`28[AH@)7B


_B.NW/$;



:FOX%1
'8RB/W



)

)$$)B4BH21
MA)&$D1@DU*1,)(PDC`20V#ME,KS9Q)($D@MD(J$D4#)*?7P^I$\$%O95!-%
M#A@Y8*3=E3`246!2*A)&$D821F((3$I%PDC2
)(#(%)J4@89F=42^GGUR'
M/F?#.\;90KTP2B]Q?D%`08.R

0L-6;H!:&;-HPUC1


M_&(5Z&*I(/5A^G`ATR:Q&VQ`.H6

M0JP6S!5!E:M@EW5M?Z$K=BZU_BML0@G
2KQ*NTLZ)F-34+&C$@*^I0JBM2
MT5$[?0'/.4@8M0I&@Y$N
20Q5S\U!?PE+W,56H#=`0Y+XR%*:3]:2N(P!4:
M:L7ZSLII3$IU`PC62Q&8J@PAM1AO\66J)J\)3DN1-.S+`0M821A)&$DBE0D

!*#+@FC2F#T_-DIRT42=HC2


)(PDC


MY*XD.^@=M5.PI;V(V
U$_%X%!@@U^;R
J%D8WKT%;'1`\IWE=T;-:T7#SZO$

M1I
X`?$V
H
X`(TZ0

HY)3ZN'U(WD@MJ*]E@-&#AAI=P6B
M2\)(PDC2,)(#+HDC2
)(PDC
2@2\)(PDC2(C0Q@'9&?5R^LEUR)/RR?^


MX_R07JK-X^TXNJM



)

IB



M


M-YS8I*XP[P\545SA&.UVU4ZWY`


M=T_-!8G=?-@=J_WNZ2W*
A&_5X$!(DT^+R-J%H9W;P$;'9![9_F=4?-:T?#S

%Y('ZP($YP;03D

MZF:QYAXH2GKL9FBG]W\U'I5/8&H]R[#]':+@3]$V/B270K=2MOF9/^1\%'-=
MXF?I&Q_65[M:XH.40E\NGMLMM9[:'VNU2:W*#/QU0K[`7P;


M_DD1!8(SS@.LE3/D_`VR

M#C_2M^%-+[M]_6DY!373U+BFR2NZ8=[1D=+O+GTLF,6@NS^4M6S)]9ZH-\


MEY
-P`WZ'1FT%%AF]:Z?UTE[&UKVE
Z[

7:Q/#)'






=(^QMI]P)N
^UPM]FMC;9?F7F.-FS4L!
AQ4PMB5CPD&:_D$IZF3


RXVV0$CJ









MW


M30NNH9
4@_4
K:/8+/G@1$T8/2!O[2B*JDGB/(J4854IFS6IJNGW2ZA(J`@B
M$8&@TB^8\-*









I




M
\BN
/NK


RL0I^
RU^@F&&Q$092






;2*161[6



66`BS

M


#-5[Y/`JS3_=$R)I9M!=9J

M*5\6VI:%MH4

M[

MP=AFTR)J^OWB2:0&T&C%BI2)7L)9E(J
7XE/O`?XT744RWF`):;K/2F&`V\U







MXT\`




V

M*'R
@V]K&TN?O%:BOPYA1#&)C7U[31ARO[SHL

ZX6+&9QL=0T^\73R+2JARQ
?C\@Z#K@X)%'<6+_HFQ$S*]BG@<:Q=W()+H-A\X?$98)3



NQ?EXZ?SD:%$NFEV.]E7J_T






M+BPDZ`3$W2G:.(DUL3$
MFC1PS6OS[$!7

MJEYCUBW2B$8:
VG

M_/.K!9F^OC7G9!K:Y/



B1;?WO0S%`!\0DBPGQE*ZF*N`\Y';=MO8_



U#1$!+YGT*26BI%K588\D\Z9]5&5F)
MMQ;B;7#9[XN(-K&\UIW;P!6$/W/G?U=)8-)+Z+26NJJL#=6!X/C':=\V0F-
)3`51&'5F#1MXC4EJ`DMVLBO.AK+J
;


M!




XV*/E4?!
AJ\09TK6ZZ#HK!H*.X(!?W6$
M:'U4]Z:!UI'54O*Z8T(58ZBM#H;6*X





M!X+T;E?M#TZ^*4OY#;@J\A/?D:5'3(L=`*(^X@(/2/W7.*1XL6#8/:L!!4-I


MS9%D'R39!TGV0=K!UHX^2-K)Z$3V09)=&0[@4O9!:@/IK426[(
D`=QF`
L^
M2

M8U4;RSY($B_Y2.F.U/&X8+9ZT^H2H9])/OGDH0\3)QH`DU5[L72J%C4R$Y(
M;*(#JZ6-A;*%4&SLA.2*.-(
**J2@(9=-71J*W5@26$1(#06!VUMI:@1)`(




V7$))\_



*GVY'+HF?(LN*
M4='B$N*[A++WD6R&T`31598M:$$OA,.%*RI=$JGU;VN*B@51Z9(8/9+JEUJ_
MH`\M1&L9B=#&B:ZNSG_)1?YE[Z-JW779^TC6&<M&:=1AT3,EXF)7
HD6H_+
M9AT.6M)51H+UW




3_#@-GKQ.R.`





6'G!IW4.YW-!IJ_?SV;$##[/

2`V
M92/^[8.S#`.?_J#Q@;J#^T^N0YX^&=XW$MR$SM3/(8E1IWN<@B#T+#SBF#8


M]?S





]&W$=Y*]N6V=B[*

B3=(KV7.$
V3Z;6$Z]U'5'K5
[&G)HJF



H]1I8)+4@



M\-K/P9QXJ:\*-__5.]DILUSR&F5\3U/ASO!4&=^[JR%;?S:5SOZ:OQ^`DF
M/







M

`?]L$_\`E^L+U`NN_








9;]WOAHRM*BI5EG)2*L/US;OMGV

M=BS=*PK!/2X&Z(^6
;%LECA9C=2UT:B[NDES'#&U
;0G5C;2]9UP/XJASTM8



3U^YBZ3KPI
\S&L*-



1U






M*:WC;\\*01^L]L.MGC_X`FEEIZ3!CI5CFO8SL?&]%=*[!UI:9ZVMO1!D[T'



M*%;31.&\C
.





R965Q



M7^P?2OW*\F]XF8[EB25JKDT%&P2R6C2UT[1Y5D9Y'C]%+
-NW2BC:\[-7B

M8R


M83GW!VPV[2E_U.NOUC_:_KYRZ?HG^P@ZYNX(W0%$(?QE!?-/Q/
LV_[XY)CS


M@Z$


C:Q/WS$Z[`/S#[.+1##HX%?C`?%&4V[&-R&
M6

8H0A_=

(G=!1CQ'H00B5(QY&
7&&[YE)Y65F5'TM+
IH0@*K

DX2!90+2507
MUZ6J&


M6


M&71




M'LY'

?#-\*H?E



;M`T_P8^,75EUK&F,K!MQMIP.&`3^]%0
MR^!+(J1A!PX6V<GK]2

M2D)=


MAQ#E;Q=7?8L=1&?SET8QH'R\5*YL8+_+@V4W;=LG!&^_\*^3[^6FNPG09?





M*'%^H-8G$A.2A[

E]D-J]X
YG0/X)^7:\DQDAFD`CX?2
M)\GE9I
!M&XOG9KLO-5G@^4XC

M8@M'-

1IXM!DV23]8L2VZ

O]'/R)


MD;1D9C2
TKOW\$BP[EG%7K9Y2OU@FE=U]_HKGX)W&C=[*1R'6EU`ZF_\&V
M$O%;\U57WMJ[DG;WK((L4=C-ML/\TJV!W0]\4YZ/2EP[%B]XT=%7;/C:.XJ3




M2RX


I]IQ#?HK0=$XSL*.$@K1PAH
MNN/.@.L=YIC!C+8D8)$\Y:
U(]%/M^2!.



M&`S@*;YA)AD-$\/&M$=?F1L/A&7L$9O%=QB8
)$,BVBO(',A(
ME1?%?%G+PU3^..66'AQ`B)*(?K95([V8LGW[FB\C2[^Z.

M77HKK`0G.#-;)


:U]-?X+?


$B0%CGKCRU?*_;;%ZG[&^YU;E
MLR


MV




@?/&7!
H1FF`B+7KR1#%CF61D!/\!UY\:.=/;5_(UT

M.OY&R^;3!0_6K694HP:GSX7N:&Q/.;*Q:^A&&#LL`,.[4TRR5A(:(F+L:/


:2)Z*&/?E#R
M?L`F#:E

SEPJ5SM72TD`R#Q\YG_AUG0(#F<QS'%%^%$,W=9
MS)(NAM7(261N`TL[G/+4R4POBN$1DY5[H]&\4H\\.^S:#`[^N@Z_(0?F-MP


M#N^
#Q<'40B/)_Q']ZT]!OF)RUM9-E+6J


MAXG[0!A@Z2HTLK?1+E
TM:?PG!)

M$Q:LM/5E):ZL*







+%+.CUE03-*D2S\K&
MR78IN?J\NB#/\:2C#57#RA3BBBMV#'?IA*?#9=3R&/$'8HKG$X\M[Z*5D)L4

MSC2T(]&N#ZET(B





M

MPSD\R7?)=GA9?EKF=/4Z2]$J##U+[_-P?.)/%))#S;,T#N,'I$J]@TK1;;`
MW/)HC[`8ZF$*G1CF-UB/`AGHU;G>:WQ)0!H#6%7T?-PHL+A8.&U5!NL#RV-9
M!;`4ICTY,*$ZB(K615L4)M9'76#'+)-^@;`,2)(+L@GA#GLML/&4;*'0*I9T
M^8S'$=@'OJ*/=Y%8SA'-KJ0I8;0



.

MZ

?]WH'#J+2-
:K@9M:V@QKRDB

M%B
_4HGY*-C7E:8;63:MH`Y$T?8\I;YZ2XX2FTGL




<]G2H]?$*4#:'UU-!Q@H8-#`+!'Y@?)Z?Q$/E+[/4V*O$Z1
MC]6!UH#(JYOVSVMD2RU@:4JIGW\^QUQ7'HH4CJYDB5A6*K.MO^U&G^
PHVS

MEN:;/_I^@*




M?GS6!/^@)T$NWM+SAWBZC#B^L7:RCEW$#BF:J8O45*
A+//L62:KH(9[
L:C

=&P[LXKO8

MTZL]K
W(*RW24UZ^&A_&4M=:=21GQ_!
_.HY
?[D21A@(6!:XR'=4X\ACX




M

M
2_P..


#$R
3(S
M




*_





?
+W6$4[G-N%T[3\*V2A;4$UN2:

`^QV*P&P0SS*!AH2Z-BCI;1!]ZM-X/7P

B0O'-Y]I_=KRE3`+]





CWZQKK8N-&U2[F(WB(9M=/#[7:VVWQ'J_Q^JUF^
<;2K39=R@S&H!UA0:P_J#*!O*

MNM07EET*XT9]._7Y)9Y0%J7EPAWSM\2G3

H



M
!^PKH?(7)L2


DL\Q@8Y&5


MD%&]KGCP4-;M

M0TJI%!JRM0R/S@E@9HR=PJK$E5(9*?K6+I5(+5-'R.!RC.AG&2R&W*I2O1DV
M6&?H]EP`43$IO7BA@[$;[IY:IQX-2Q




MKR4$)SX6_W09=K4KMS#Z6N
)-)%]196V!8_CFBO*PMRH66A@RNEH\`:9S;Z:
M3/UG!W
^1L_1#H


`'Z\HINF@=<



M%51
.^H$U5$!K#4/^!#T04.WU#WO0I$M[0P#-QBW5PG;8*^NZ$3R1JBPR+7F






M)%Z%






M0X9:XL'ZIN



MOK)OCL
V)]D_W7'(M[P)%SI@=L1&CS+




$%`````@`98%O0I
Q[`L5-@``1\4#`!0`'`!M
M960M
C`Q
C$R




MX0;[

+M[]\-



M.1?B[ON4\[]1GO^-4OO4@!OR
PKI^/DP0W

M^
Q(?%BAU0O)IDLT6WX9(P@[WT!7W8`S?()XMZ$V[#*!D9G3(%P8RG'4
R

D\KXMHV!&CCOC?Z5D
MLI!9





MD8%+AOTHCE$2U\6D0+
9]V
7AT1


M84(V:Y_
4CYQ2XYL-/=AT-3!49F@B;E][X?^*ET]

T1QFA&R.ZWCCO?
$X6+9X17U^A%]QC/Z&J.EVSRA^0P=$66!#\I&3X;
M\*E`UL0.\XA]LI.MW6W!TS!H+6H=F:!HP<2^J1;X;I\LOT]F$\G4['GS/;
MH;/G.X93S
T)QL_Y91`^59B#;TE*)RAV8XY2JO1TTGVF!UYI8\$]/DXPF4!



ME8*X=I^
)
R^BS`Y4OSZGO1(8\))M
ZG#2&0O0G^XI&C-!E]XR#K1B8)6M`?





[D?_#BLBO
M-^8WNIFZ.V_T58H\TI;Y^?./V4\YW4?SJSU*]2C$L[B_CTPFON#'[H@/!%

M-53:.H




\@KGO'P4^$Q65$:6+KGE4I6$
X#NVUH'$9R5ZXAK
M=;
SOY
SL&D1T%*!5(L
:.!LFR=Y0$[Y5S!U*E!QAC8M#1*MB`V@BNC`Z+82


\..#
U
Q&JV=F979VC3]%%7?RJH0.YP:ON9
M

'0IHW$@*+$T.`8%A]Q



M7-@-*JZA&0$2.!N/0NV

R;7PA1OE7:VT\;.A=UP





S1+F9:G*SVNVGSZ3?V:UYR8WMP]7D_MQ;Z[OS?6]


C#?^V&$R?5ZMZB0LU692NXF?H^29313RQ!^




E)#P'-)3HMRC(JE`105*


T&OSOB#B3'83S86A7$4^#
:PKN'%4_F5TLW7*#X-F3D

\H-<9]
MZ;(D3@:2M[5JAN%.!.[U[81Y

[
B!P]IYJI06ICM@=

MH%\=IS5&@JVN)')CL@YGYVE:H:4SZ=K8O
/9;#+^\B1_QV]M^?!Y0*_9G\06



MAD@!90
XM6EFSS%:%MRLAS/LE%60#6O&/MVP-.Z[./
(OIQA






M4X;I%2

4



[@8WM*_8$+)QC]1-:%\<'97WRNC@7`U7];0H@@CH

MR;D`:+1JKG9%Y'#.SN


M*
9;






.&:UDFTT8YV76






MR8O[&6W




C?J`





@1H=C*

M6=T)%%(.\;I8-6+7/4T+P






MJY9

3OY-%QVW#!R8A1CCZ



M#O

MXD1B*U`



M_S8Q2H!S:Q[AN

M3F


7=.<W/7<M=+!/&RB9@',+%B/OXR+:D.'LYVL:^:&Z
ME)%?.7=HX0;C

5J$UM!IQR9

__9<T7*4
0$I*]/.[FO/'NS5
%









:%83*)S@RPKX+(^O]M)Z
MW
M:0KL6EM8*+CA9NKA8[WSWQ0_R5



7EF'\P




#

1.57YX)EJ0E#
MT
NJ`:G6#&5K5PP1C/Z.MS%5[7'[V
W78DYW(H!@75]*%X_]52-5\&S7(_0]
M.


X3




M`7*O[
Y8UYK?NIS!=VQ&H^#V2K5O/%
:DDWGK3/HHHU


JB[!
M/1(DA-_
Y78R+PWGQH.C
6UGV$7KFA'8^R%BW]QVC5X2N37MJ)4S[**QK`)@



M4?4`\0`WIR=XSMR$
W)3]+TKFE`8;Z6.P

M\QWY1/!?*?;CF9_=O*3JD?2TZJVMKR@Y&C@^N\7-C+/MBBR1PH[67*^;'!N5

M%HU-(Q


RV=\VA8JW)H6

M8!:(KC

R]IX




M1TJONH3_I]RA9#R?(R_Q-ZCXE9FW1_EW[F1OD!HD#+Q%RK\F?)-4['[NMTD]

MA?
.*AVRLG=1-0+VWDG/
['AO9]J#$CJX$-$NB2RN48;%$3KE?C:W)BVO=?8

@O2C6Y:RX$3#+V7H+;U#\/*IP78@'C&

&@%[+\AM





$X

^(O%;*+5KYTT1RG+#@PSG!:<^Y`.F<$:KQCRX*R0M)]K&YUIZ

-/_NQA)0!Q


7N#W41.!S





C6J[O3CA
PM!V@A-=$QFU;Y6-:\B:M

?L%
T^!R#QIQ\X!CY1[-_IG&2'7N?HX.S[*/KSV[#

504^0'O_]*HJ3



G\L

^S39]02



BN8SCF)A?&TM@LX0M']UDY--;7G(:L%UX22=_8/FH=@#%UWZ3'[&
M&7ZO)GG34MJ/
X[EOOV

M;GBG*08.

M1YN#_A]#3RAS=F.K!;7T)
T%`



:53\E
M:





M(HQ6`*PA-3535C



MO%$X^WU)(

M9KXG&DV8(F$9YZ*)U41(S6Z[1Q#@'#QH]:')O&!-(/]2.[MICYIIX01(BQ'!
$L64:S@W.&V(WN;%S0^N1='5-G%A,<
M]_-1'/A`
H;.`.K5:0:Z?:`0-^!_!.E^.+&B/S'_P=02P
$%`````@`98%O

C`Q
C$R



M\Y)NON)CD


O&9=/HT'LAI!/H_P

MX+(O_E[
G\6_7L3`GP79ZT6TC9.=F%+6#VG&ILNLZ$X((![R=^
NOOWW8@0:
6-J/@*+8<JV^U361]P;GUT@<A6['LY+;S6QIF
MY4)46-.C[]X5]C\Z[^S=4A&.5?WWD
UV=2LYD!#`-LXR&);F\H&Y&?1!-C`


M#)LB;#K+*%#K:/$@W-HJ;`JYE/K?/
;/WVYH(-'&/K1!QKXJ9]%[UFT/M#I-

)TSB$PD*O`M;!T*=]2\\(I1OXE$U)(U-#LRWP

)7/Q##V_]*IQWT33I\-+8^P\2'TO_!OU


WG#8EH25A3+&PYQ+$VO.;C





MT]UL:JK;28'7KMH1HIV6+MM-YC5!M4L[,(JE=GNW#J4]B%ESGQ;A='=UGL
M_W+WY+'7=GW(^&UA[J%6+W94A+!+'K4(0\L&044$&9%TI$:(YOB:+
P*0AK]
MU1R(/
!K.PW


M*2C1+@7/)E8
+9;I!2`HP5N6E@:_#BT#BPEIJ\+NFC%TH+M7X)AMP3[59`




D/IK2!
MTVX/CI\NPP

M#?_G[!^'X-D+&3?I.COQDN0UB!Y_\L*#*@&0'CT@.'4%ZJ@1(Q#9IL2'&NF*



V6/CY)7QH+`GC6:`]J/%7EN_RI^YE<Q#KH<8B$6C;^LEFA]=NX@
=X'

<4GE?D+


MM/QB*BI`BZ!FOI.R+&_-9^

M2]ZE)8%=Y8ZCH[N\'84&Y(%


M-@95Z@N]71W=I\)O4`=WIIB!]GUGN/11+`L78LYHN]PW@UW?KR_)0I=J#/;'
MAJS!;XC5.V%P7%X&WD

[E
MW8I4+


M['-R





M
/





(FWH-;;O6)+.+UW(C0



M#'B)]XU

M/_P@$
#_?/?=ZMV??LAQP5I\O_KC'_ZX^OY/
JDN^_.''_^P^N[]NP'DH'FZ
MG!FSL1$!]90-8+/C&.L')F`([V8C:AMZX8T7;ZBW%.GL5#%)AN8-,=^(X
MRY:$-R4741$FAQ1P:\,YS_%U%$1%Q!=:1.TO(.&S*I5O1

MQD8?)



M05/5M1B^I&GZ9S;+I2+HX]WJ#]_]:?7C=W^26]W5[W^0?^7;8AX64MM4L^F0



P@4JS[-#M_!0BC<7]
M

WR*BX



=55#AXU]C\


MLZR!`:3+))(=!7S[6F-=)RF9';E/(MOA0%2/X;IFUR\5%.M()R[#S
8]VM6(

`\)

MA+RTU%






M[91S*UH5J0B_Y@W1\GSK


MXB8;N1'0\!R/TP+4D>0MO;4:4J






T._E=&`#PX&


MXN
N
N:IV
K+4.[[)00W?TT79M3@Z[P:1@I^PK(E[$_$4G&%&1
5EC


MLH)F:;!3X$ZZ!BOM!;Y1UL


-\P4'P&X-0NR+*[4'FO:!?8)H%!KV7


6B^D_L&VZ9R*$:O$<^:&P7$51QNJ[9Y@6&XU-S`-+F)T[';F-`5VYV5O
M1$]<F-#FLN&ZT]Q,!AQ_\JO/UQ.7OY
2BUQ)BU;7;.'6K+UK4;)U^$B&=[T
M4QK


P')(/;M/BB&_ZUB^!ZLZ2
MF@[#4`P(



TD2<M;.;$IL&$94]45^M!6ZF%E`'06



MHN/L)R\\T`DP:]'CHZPCD`G(!+'#&!L5;@QB#L*J7P
U4=6K?NB@DE@7/U[O

M1:HT'1W9PM[
!&Q%7_BX5@IJ

M`_)7CZ]












MA0B0)D4#(6W+




M.\M[YZR3XG9K2JX3(OO!






';!(XQU--D7#N!:G!Z#CIJ:+3DP;<Y-0GERN<+?D7I9U)(NJ



7_'$WWBO?7_
88M]/
M#NP%5ZY3*P^=LD
G?'8C(IMY\?+.9#RY[([4^G/E#
%2]E+
?4U



/73;(N^6





M&]%$


MQ



MJ!GARK&56M-41U9*-4.&S?8RCA[Y0=HI?5#Z@


D@!B1
%V-U]]

MK182`R/8:ASX0]%6HZAW
31BEI`(-T
)'%1MUS4H.H*+4X34430
M0L)FV.M4%C8'F0V3*;'-


.XR*R
M[2YXC()MX'M1EANG^\2+4FZ-X^@G+SR(H](H#38BV7



R@/VET/A^))
M9\)%&_[S@`+0/2/7A3\*KC@+
5AL)&.PFASPS20K^;XG]?;?`GCA7?L&['
MTTGI

M


MT*Z\+'=DL-F='!]2?A

M0*)M7(G:N!G5(
!(L&HKV^5*9SVFV0%D')BN2)T#CIJWIU?=EEP+Z09)60MW
MV.V\Y)5/8R-RH@9'&:EC)S;*1!=U

R
M2@(`#0VVV_I2K75J[1$G#0`1(!1=5X$*U=;4GEF5667VQVD0U5EE_P:4`=&D




YRT(_X3#X(8XWGX

^@%$H:F`



H]8

MZS`51CI-S3#1(K6F6Q.XF13GE*=`9U(86D2U#JF,*@JKW=ZJ2##57KUT5ZO
MUCO@3345Y(KMC,_(_?J_L8_UQM5'0_WQ3'Y_%3N=@5J0L@+J6
B=.YJBK*%




M::-F@G?;B




M=%=$/).O/^I/796IEDGMP45XO9/I%Z$']28)(C_8\WLQ\;8YJ$XF&)X3G-K9
MAF=$)IQ]^Y3RE5::!3LOHZG(+4:`EJ0#HMM[?R4RCU%T60EP?I*?L[_=0Q

#B(G'M!DE=7ZTO!*K5%


H
7O+!U?;UA+R4+TB!Z%.'F^BH_1@F9:6Y4B
[J

$
8J&FA--3K4[J-RV]@D/(+64KL@-E^Y7X




T=*H36CFJ4`[4C-%?=FEWX4*MF/$5B[).C(N+LOED736%=;)0C.::
MS5`I\0I0G`=L;J27P3/=C

MP+^PN3W

U
MA(/7F9?P76AZ0Q.1%44?5V.4@(`:%Z*M8@4%820RT9&+)H@U[Z0Q
QFLK5


M



\#T_[IF#&
%]G+WOJLS=1?Q'\NRBU.0_1[PW%?)D(JS)?13\-

0T#W3\-BO

M15Y0WT\.='



MD'W`VLB_#:





E

MJ6/0)_?7M0X

M?WPCP_9!S

MJ4(9&[ZD&%5:CFKQM0
[I8DVIG]7-




K%.NE+:;*

'@4


M1-LXV0GNCU_S'\TF:;
;L(<#




MD+2:+8BG+:(0J_AL;9''(%3;FXMA5';(-R02#*7/T*'!GKGGTPP6&W\Y+7
M5D;2
E



98YTB/_T9^YK\B.4K0N-
M4VC)'V@=



MB..-RC

M/?+V))$]H48J:E8)R!!1[O@4%(^_SQ.3N/#0[8]A$7EUN1GV#`0VW8`2!J


Z]Z\X*$U&@()\+88$R3PQ=R^#4YLAXYH/8.


M@]

;;
=XHMMI0@);:\EP$R]5(T


JVVK(20A83KR:K2DRPJ4@#(HUY:!P?



M.5R]NT7$Y47NPJH';IQ8[V.8`GSI$
O[3!4XW:!3PUA+'2.^1H67C)G
!4
+W3Z)GZG(M3(:?ZA'#X@K78':^E<T%HI7




M)PX7S[R$UW-





]KS8VL!RTZ`IJ/K43LW-UC'1#Q?[5N



M0.)@7)':

MG$.I.S7&IFLT'*I/Z8Z]G%.ZC]-``ZV]S0%1.
!N-[R(-R-%._15G!W;F
!0
MZ45;X15*`5@Q+([HJW2:GQ^BS;@J#Q!`UA`;8KE3!XLWS
]`B&B*KM%VO*\=

M//:W`SHZ[V.P8U!$&V0S:

LUCGUX%NOGT
/O7+[



M/=+(UU7O43(@_=9@OZT6%0F1-*YH^

M!C&:A@^(
J8^33)TYS2D3'@84:F=&C
*G0/

W
MZ\/(FQ'1#EW![=A&=3DK]*+C<!Y6D!W<[%[YDQH[&WUZ=TB

P4H#&I)11@965J7E=D_

'*AR1.TT]10KTP^)5N
M/JBOI9KU@S&U:@IH--NNB.B$5+T0W@VPY9I+U
6E
%U+6

*/4L2(/GH9X\R!U^7&SDUM5/3W<TJ+`AF&P.#(5.N6^C1X'JD=
MT=,8-,R@A]4N4&0C4K7














\C6%@*%M1HL9QU9GI7=]L9


$Q

$56O(PD]S'92WN2MB&BVW+&`EL$P9#GDS5+



MG7IHPUIQ.H^^4M$7&4RDZ8N4^85R9'TR@D6#U8H:B/!K%P6K?Z5\6\;X9(KA




M4[
(1J7*H:TNG18BBS












Q5#VVI)4H5&B^U&E1X2ZT6\^-++4'@PDQC)H68

MM2FB]AY7`QVQNRY%?H+%EHT?#L'&B_R.%WD9:8Z]D#^
W#U1W++$4RW)B)4T

@*92&2Z\IYX-7.]IXF4RD?:)


M@&N?

N=[1TJ+W8T5$@ZYG@)(XR)L$)
MZY0F:3[%T&0W8/\'FP-9?06[G=QNLBG)VQ8VD;?&L.X3.`\EY]D2G.MD[3)@
M?2]NMO*P8
$TUJ0SIM7UJ69$I6=%UBT;*WJ3!%VOB8+Q&A$BRAJL:V)-T!!!
MY`KDC


Y
':!
`;)#@K@5GYEW8Y\VE4L




M#-@,O)?3[V=]TC3N_CP^)3Q6M6J]=PX+63M:`U!.DHE,EE61N2DQ%)MQ+5



M574TU7G,'D1W7^._T:]7I^H?5_N(;,AJ#4X5QR=Y)BT(R)Z
UQ6!J)S9'Y





M!R$.'G]







MXT]UQOHM

QB!6
+

$






MD51=.F`DI@Y!3=!'1O6M\$#GIUUIUINFPU[*'Z64$7WT
KIQ6THD\V.%9(6!



M'A;&'G

M$8CR@=V?-U3)QAUZ

^BIVB9Q^P@5!'0)41UD-

Y8328#WE&#*%;







O(GCQV7@9F-X'#Z8U&'?])32OD_'+(WNJ9Z^47'M.'.9
M46@O/)P\[YRL^3:6P(V34%U.]8Y%;7IS$.CJPSE#B#MQ?CJWYU8OP7P:IQ;

@4M%
A5-0FPL
$%AT@E1P<52T\6R


P/7O9!XEX#W^C7I][VH`8%YI=4;11FI**EG!B6'_6+$)U




MH]4P=#08^=!*UA\T/;'*J;/JTKF-8]W5D12.'5,-2A$+D!S';S7@AK:)'6



M(N^;7&^)H2E-3[)_4'D./71L/\(62]:!2GEEL/9)SB?)SR(O##X_3PVF@(
M
DL7Y8S*G&N+4;_DAW#\K4`OWM`4WA$

]]3B:GHR?95
D`V3+-B:8
ME+K11H-*
1Q:5PQ!\E+CNMT
G;NT9M`9IL5PHBKY'+!W[SK`6L!V9DRS^R



#X[UIV((O(R

MR-*+Z$:H/LK
VF+ABYA8.\.*-:]*1E@K(EGYTO9^HP
M&M#YY49?3]A*_F5
M?UVVY&Z#5:7\*$\).8YU`GA!8+7\2$T!E6K`E!

?ER=PLZPUVV

M@)][0?*3%QZH
T$81IQ^$7.N[4O/QHK&8YQ]*[)Q)!$
XT$5S_5J(])KZ^



M/E@0R@%
MCR$$-RPGZI#H&*5%E[$W0R5(%S$V@%4:VUQPQF]I*.1)GX+]?7P696S[
5I'




OV0RF

MX[%U[52M(%G?F=K@$6Z14]01&=D_-IH!+D]:
M[+55J58G'5[

;13
MO2JS+G[4N^BZ8)Q%W#;S;I5+J[Z60`NH?B;;+[-L)2NH+;8.TC@`L&$8:XY7


:T6V0G;-1
3
M
ST`T/3
-B1M-2\Z)GG/PQ:*]4[R
M[@GOWR'[M=CHW

S8`#SD`Y!0/WZ
J_G\1I=A5G?Z/9;:D
4TVQ
MU3-=L\Z6`V=OL*OT%?*)1
*VT88_E#7

[CY==Y]JAU`;Z
T?HBIAREW02;
/V5T37O1![UW(E<




18FT1(#$V




M7.J`6S.TQXCS?_I^]=UWW_'_2



6B:$C_G


DQA^9CN4#R]=4KK^&L[0!I$*&Y



MD-)[04JZJI(QX@X-5B*HU9N^JM67:=IZM@P$QO9/FL0N0$&U*]!0'N0]$))H








J8AWC:.DF6OM1YR



+W(HQ'S@AQ\`:G`8E]K0
#U
]O6LZ)5

UK)_9KGC$;E7Y&%Y
MP76KR;@G.FAU&7MX=XK(6&




MF[\^
2Y3C_VG1L=`:RB

M)DP+6P-[
QU@3:B:%+(FCQ]H1!


M:(N9:


M$R8?1]CS2/.!*])X9'79QGRU`R?EB

U1$.

%E^6Q21RA/``$)4X@1&

MP6)%W
'QU`%J@WJ:ELN!N&0=_SO[S/YY8!
R^^'_`U!+`P04`````!E@6]

#$R
3(S

M78!#475XP`!!4.```$.0$``.U]6W/C1I+N^XDX_Z&/]W7;;;(]
^Z)G=V@






M^@T^??KT(?LK:1KCO\=9_VGHN4G&-.FXWG%;T/]ZOVOVGO[J_6#X_N/@Q[=X

%Z3X8#H9YYW_;

H


$T-.U]BM$S]*7Y%\6PY
MBF.4Q'4Q*=!L-OJ)&P6$3?$#BK+U0'.@G.X-=[170H-.I)LPFKL^FB
OC8CT

:+HNW8:[W?U7LJ+-'G_7'.5QOY;.B9JCDM%I

FB\UY*N/*#-:E^S7HW48)?C/.I#JTF^XKI0(%J8IW46$

\O3B:6




+!]'/XKR#P1H16]8U
/Q$_5P'/PU
M&W;QZZG[C#B#+;M+?JK0RCM]^


6H'D\//0V.-3D=IS8C#QPDJ]0F
M0C&]F-`5E2RY?U0&B-X2%S08C=$2J1ZW/FG1YZE8_XU!\\C0+-?F%LR.]
M^[?+^,3HF1SL7_9D?



X&#(`?J'J0&*DAYA;\F.L(LI]8V<((DZ^,1*P^\X*+
MD??C*GS]L$`XEQGYX5A4Y%=[W7TB9!D.F[B?.R&6KLKHJ&
62N0-KE[8@
M84&'


'O
M./^W

$=N'`9H

MN+K*

190
9$PRK
M+&99P/A*2V?0CULN9^A[II_[EEM
Q']#O/L)GG03Q+$YKZA1Z3Q:N0H*
S
MZ

MU

MLZWH&:L7#^Z%3[A\RZLV[-X;V
\\J9T


_V''%
MQY:V*B13TG]%T7

$

MPR9;PJO^A

)P<-IS!#O&F4K?IHZ;.1^@`N!J29(&PX31UR%C]X.+%

`UC^M0^
M6Y*SH]@4KD/)^0B=QZ..

M24]JR)




.OVC'P__$:64%K1_3I
GY-EZI_&

M'H'N56/@OD@K`[+!AEX%FZ??'*7)2QCA/P_'?:G8CSMVK_2#HK@90&RPIK-`




M\HL.R51M2Q:GPH=V3&@@W2

MU@-5?%:4Y


'7@!RJ


[OL5!_0WCU0@-R);MKM!]NGY&T6QYXM&D
M8.[1)=6GH@QUL.WUH]_/+JK098N[%AWH*@ZUY-U,=?:X+7A@Y6`N%D\=;U%-
M2M%'MK7&Q'RUBQ/L*Z*X]G=P^/DU\G]_/;K!
9OL93&(3^FTZ(+IPG(]+)K
MJ%Z^#GJ)]I0YOOF?;B_]@M;[&+_^/%__'B_]@7_\=ZEKK^&%J/QVW!:5TE




)!^Z0_1E



IXH
M@9J#S:H#=B][JD2S.$;._%V0Y9YPM_R`VFNP/?H6_8G\1JK0J#T:P2F2M!
M
C5+4UX!21'3F0A`J?_7&6P8HG;RCR<R
IM
G



MKPFTYA*U=/;


L6.)*UFS7



M1$^Q[@T':
R??#=
M(''<QKJLZ%-='22P0ZVT&[&B*$;8?EA#$K$C=8T:1\4J.)M]T.H2VUX]3
MM':83-3Y9N0@IUGP:B:Z,$V9Q;IW/7E!@=NX!FZO@B(02=2,'!]D:SPW^M





M_(P[KK]+:W@;+

=1G-!:4D)_XT
S


J0-3M_-RYBE3?;TI5G/W0+@EHHBVF-*+S.S9QZM
M:#&9/BD=OE!;A#V=GV$-CT8$S-
=*7(+-H_

M7!0IS:KMQGB1Q5#0RJ8TGAPM!@+-:4C9^1G60MFB9AG@3(N[W'ER[-^[M.+?

!::LAH1@IEN#8:%9Y!<.BZ1@9LBZ:
T+Y0&)M%O:!TBA
M%3AUI
XJ2/JNP;ND1]MSK__[#VN9902]`'8`QFA4UGU1-^#57LQ?KGU1B*??
MIR=^9.?Y_3'9`U&8-M*^`).'.R:]R:1#!GARJ4B!
\4T4?9]5WJ*W`4BEY8_


M^S[YN


-4
KCIS;J:%*'W0*%4./.N/M2^

^(
M$QXRK!#ZB/JN^!5TY]9_`:/UG$ATZ`!L2DKC4]F+]`@!3SA=J?`\'W0Q]]L.
_VT'FP;7Y8D<_QTW=


ME%'/E+

R+
M4ET))#V=0?^

M]RK3;_
?Q1RA%P*;0


MX^QVD[T\XW@3QJZOY/-I^$L]]/(TSP$K_#H/Z


W';VZV*=0








RW(
?V87U321A=8[_0
M)PM]':B3;;LAWKY?$=1R+7\W*;E+A\YLD;XCJ_@Z73]2GON[#($W8;0/Z2@&
M0'
X'$H#JR7N;N5;/4COW1;NOD_%4LYA*+MR_S
/EYX]PO4F#*@N42-J










MY96:DN087V4(K5BGRQ6'CDL
'4H3B2Y42@2`*K4850AEI'8L#:7:%H43J$@+


_GUX



J\/J]P5ZEA']YU;G=C[?K312^YE[(



3')=1NSS2-4Z)?\31*S?&WM66)K`-@['OQMQ8


MF!SX(N]E.T6OR)=XM:H1`$RN54NF[&56&:LE.G&'7)HZ.:\-=P)8ZNFJ10?8

MH








9\$X[_M9C[3@8]&;?`K08


M9-9U81_`X$(AT]5D-.U..CA380

XV^KGM)Y=KW;^Z^3^Z?9X^]&=K7#;8'R*=
MY.'^PC[-][5#8LH=^:UH6^
U!]S59`QB+)D%%WP(J1]^


MH31-*QT`LXPVG*?'



_FC$V+!




_XG&XV4:T\CT]L#V0
YKL55RE*W25NZ;B
MU
!I@S^^@%\J%W:5[L/[WO_F68=MC

BHDP%^

MOL1HF?I3O!3F!VQ`%MAWP

%5\Z5ZGXX=8GW^S9NE`_]/G2?XZVN


]IY0




2+[;51LVW^!F&Q01
MW%G&WK&[P?2


M9PGL@XGI:


&

`O)[7V+*TB?60YM7+9#?A9(H9:74I@5L:*LG


O:;
(V



%6@.WWY


MA;=7B7Y;:I4F0]
UPQGVTQZK#&ZO#/VVP=Y21V`4)P^T(@^M!EB@K?C/TM2)





MK%C1KXN1Z@M?TA




M;?!*N!E&K%SI\DZ=





&2P&'#?4BO
M(Q0U.4D4*[6^+K&H0#JCM*DX'*QV^)I()XO
]T2-`*0ORGD6%7
^*CU;/*@#

MZGQZQH5N2=T&51ZHF39K4(

]


\6TO&`38D)
#O1G?NF)JMR.^2#FJR.AJP,1=R0&$Q5_VI(!9*K2.0
M'V^3O4P*#IB@!G9MJM4^12.\2OV'Q`93\)*`\9O#.17J\[WJKR$0*P(`X*Z
MF

NV4EHX3O;4PFF&



K;_*YOI`
#L






M^*R;
I^1=L-(/2;.1!GV--\2*!*SV6E#54D:XLD3V,S6QYVQJQ=/$J3ES2







'Z$CAAF*M`FG1X_/\






M3`PVR7#L)FA%4S-FPI`60Y%W!O8P90M

)UZ-[@J^W--\7







A_EKR@*-\YA=(X:0=LDU0
M`VO(-E@?!#NNRAN$2G=@^X/9TX4:7ALTXY'F+4B12/J[)M#Y$U6EPI9I&845

9GD#IX.XX1SYILOJ








M*0FH6+/@CFZ9OZ
6^WV8+=9;?[^/AXOF6@!/6#WKGE;;L@YZ)W\;8')CA



N53C#O




+D=FJY`:'`7_%#D@E0*F=R02
XK\`I4@&(Z&WX:WLU'OPZK

M5PC/4'@@]RUXLDKM0!N84\3`VP(B&^;Z_(&-(%/:LMB=WTP\[OP?:SC_4__N

P
MIOOS3S?CR6](0(&3X2[\:PT7@BBB9+7


M!13Q8\:?TCT%`*
87(3



MKN[G`.9\3N;#CZINTS(TJQ4)GE-8*XP7!C96O4`_DN^=6V]T35D%_0-`.I

$*T/M17N0V5(QSA[$0?6R/P.1:.V

MH-S)79E3Q(.[Q$A3\44[



MESZ




=+:(WFOOD$#CUM0
D`IH221VE;_'%9@
M(!%X3AN*_#NC`A%Q$V`_Q&\MQ?B:K9@0S`8H#FGGF-





M


MS3GV4).

L/@9:WI)AOOPZ]T.WYH`$
\$1`7/1$D

F]G`1[/YZB0<6I
M4.L].+7GX@-MJFJC2QFF0NHI5WBB496[(N&1/^J-QN+C=BK!D.4ZP3'X(4'U
ME/#<N^?H47RRTO.?F4H6ZI/X'#2E2WK.4/)_BIPWU%_Z@5WI\SC($#\1SVN
IR0!MW6R

`-H$%*!R;





MH?_DRVQYK/UHNQ/P9%=#)/O(KTK?H`=_NLW
P-OM!5]OU'-[M$88F`UZ@:9
M)S_(MC);7
X`K3/BQ(XZJZ_D4C2JK


]&`-_C976FNF


AK/]P=4B/W*$X]4

MR-F%J^@-0RE+@\;H06GU*%E6VM6JR/9GB6D.'H
-9ZOA$[/42J#):@6)O9#5



#-6N&%GU

C`Q
C$R

M``0Y`0``4$L!`AX#%`````@`98%O0J0&C5=%#0``(LH``!0`&````````0``

#$R
3(S



#$R
3(S



 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNonoperatingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 70%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 27pt; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<table style=width: 70%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_FinancialInstrumentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ScheduleOfCashAndAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustedCostGrossUnrealizedGainsGrossUnrealizedLossesAndFairValueBySignificantInvestmentCategoryTableTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;;
 font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size:
 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;;
 font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new
 roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;;
 font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size:
 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;;
 font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new
 roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font
 style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 90%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 50%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_LeasesCommitmentsAndContingenciesTableTextBlock'
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2
 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman

<td style=text-align:

<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesExcludingDepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesExcludingDepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesExcludingDepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesExcludingDepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman

<tr style=background-color: #ccffcc;
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<table style=width: 80%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2
 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<table style=width: 50%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 80%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesReturnsAndAllowancesGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccruals'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsCapitalLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_DeferredTaxAssetsSalesTaxAccrual'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesUnrealizedGainsOnTradingSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPrepaidExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDepreciations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_DeferredTaxLiabilityTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationBasisOfPresentationBusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_AccountsReceivableAndAllowanceForSalesReturnsAndDoubtfulAccountsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentPolicyTextBlock'
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<div style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionLeasesOperating'
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StartUpActivitiesCostPolicy'
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<table style=width: 60%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;; font-family:times new roman

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; background-color: white; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; background-color: white; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsFiniteLivedPolicy'
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<table style=width: 80%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new
 roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size:
 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman

<td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt

<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 8pt;; font-family:times new roman
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock'
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<table style=width: 80%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock'
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<table style=width: 50%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_OperatingAndCapitalLeasesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_PaymentsToCivilPenalty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForLegalSettlements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyDamagesSoughtValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_NumberOfCorporateOperatedCenters'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedHoldingGainLossOnSecuritiesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_FinancialInstrumentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_FinancialInstrumentsTextBlock'
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.25in; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.25in; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.25in; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.25in; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.25in; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font-size:
<font style=font-size:

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font-size:
<font style=font-size:

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_LongTermDebtPrincipalPaymentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<table style=width: 80%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_FinancialInstrumentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RealizedGainLossOnMarketableSecuritiesCostMethodInvestmentsAndOtherInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureOfEntitysReportableSegmentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new
 roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new
 roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2
 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new
 roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman

<td style=color:

<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times
 new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font
 size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new
 roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman

<p style=text-indent: -4.5pt; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

