

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-19-011678
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20181231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20190301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20190301
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MEDIFAST INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000910329
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS FOOD PREPARATIONS & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2090]
		IRS NUMBER:				133714405
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31573
		FILM NUMBER:		19650740
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11445 CRONHILL DRIVE
		CITY:			OWINGS MILLS
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21117
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7327640619
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11445 CRONHILL DRIVE
		CITY:			OWINGS MILLS
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21117
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HEALTHRITE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19951120
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	XX
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950619
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	00
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950619









     








WASHINGTON
 DC 20549



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended December 31
2018



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

to




Medifast
Inc.
(Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


        
Baltimore
 Maryland
    

        
        

    
    
    
        




 including area code)
Securities registered pursuant to Section&nbsp;12(b)&nbsp;of
the Act: 




Title
        of each class
    

Name
        of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock
 $0.001 par value per share
    
    


Securities registered pursuant to Section&nbsp;12(g)
of the Act: None


is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule&nbsp;405 of the Securities Act.&nbsp;



is not required to file reports pursuant to Section&nbsp;13 or Section&nbsp;15(d) of the Act.



(1)&nbsp;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&nbsp;13 or 15(d)&nbsp;of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12&nbsp;months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)&nbsp;has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90&nbsp;days.&nbsp;
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&nbsp;



has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).



delinquent filers pursuant to Item&nbsp;405 of Regulation&nbsp;S-K (&sect;229.405) is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part&nbsp;III
of this Form&nbsp;10-K or any amendment to this Form&nbsp;10-K.&nbsp;&nbsp;


is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 smaller reporting company
 or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;smaller reporting company
&rdquo;
and emerging growth company in Rule&nbsp;12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



 indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 


is a shell company (as defined in Rule&nbsp;12b-2 of the Act).&nbsp;
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&nbsp;



 2018
 the last business
day of the Registrant&rsquo;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter
 the aggregate market value of the Registrant&rsquo;s
common stock (based on the closing sale price of $160.16
 as reported by the New York Stock Exchange on such date) held by non-affiliates
was approximately $1.8 billion.


common stock outstanding at February 15
 2019 was 11
870
444.




proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for its 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated
by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K





    
    


CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS


year ended December 31
 2018 (&ldquo;Report&rdquo;) contains &ldquo;forward-looking statements&rdquo; within the meaning of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange
Act&rdquo;).&nbsp; Forward-looking statements often include words such as &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo;
&ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo;
&ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;seek
&rdquo; &ldquo;would
&rdquo; &ldquo;could
&rdquo; or similar expressions and are made in connection
with discussions of future operating or financial performance and/or events or developments that we expect or anticipate will occur
in the future.


expectations
 beliefs
 plans
 objectives
 goals and strategies as of the date of this Report and are not guarantees of future performance
or results. Although we believe that these forward-looking statements and the underlying assumptions on which they are based are
reasonable
 forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. By their nature
 forward-looking statements are
subject to risks
 uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or quantify. Our actual results and financial condition
may differ materially from what is anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Some of the risks and uncertainties that may
affect our business include:












our ability to continue to develop innovative new services and products and to continue to appeal
to the market;



our ability to protect against online security risks
 including security breaches and identity theft;











expansion into international markets increases our operational
 regulatory and other risks and

other risks and uncertainties described elsewhere in this Report
 including those described under
Item 1A-&ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; of this Report
 and in subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;).


on forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of the date of this Report. We undertake no obligation to update any information
contained in this Report or to publicly release the results of any revisions to forward-looking statements to reflect events or
circumstances of which we may become aware after the date of this Report.


    
    






    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    









that empowers people to transform their lives one healthy habit at a time. Through our rapidly growing community of independent
wellness coaches
 we seek to enrich the lives of our clients through programs that promote healthy living and through the manufacture
and distribution of clinically proven
 proprietary products. We believe we are building the most trusted
 transparent and effective
direct-sales health and wellness community in the world. Our operations are primarily conducted through our wholly owned subsidiaries
Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
VIA
 LLC
 Jason Enterprises
 Inc.
 Jason Properties
 LLC
 Medifast Franchise Systems
 Inc.
Medifast Nutrition
 Inc.
 Seven Crondall Associates
 LLC
 Corporate Events
 Inc.
VIA
(Singapore) PTE. LTD.


 we have been an innovator
in the development of nutritional weight-management products and programs. We sell a variety of weight loss
 weight management
and healthy living products all based on our proprietary formulas under the Medifast
 
Thrive by Medifast
VIA
 Flavors of Home
 and Essential 1 brands. Our meal replacement
line includes more than 150 options
 including
 but not limited to
 bars
 bites
 pretzels
 puffs
 cereal crunch
 drinks
 hearty
choices
 oatmeal
 pancakes
 pudding
 soft serve
 shakes
 smoothies
 soft bakes
 and soups. The Thrive by Medifast and Optimal Health
VIA lines include a variety of specially formulated bars
 shakes
 and smoothies for those who are maintaining their
weight for long-term healthy living. We identify opportunities to expand our product line by regularly surveying our clients and
studying industry and consumer trends. This allows us to introduce new
 high quality products that meet consumer demand.


high-quality
 low-calorie
 and low-fat ingredients. Products include individually portioned
 calorie- and carbohydrate-controlled
meal replacements that share a similar nutritional footprint and provide a balance of protein and good carbohydrates. Our meal
replacements are also fortified to contain vitamins and minerals
 as well as other nutrients essential for good health.


 we announced a change in
how our business is managed
 operating performance is reviewed and resources are allocated. As a result
 beginning in the first
quarter of 2018
 we changed how we report financial performance to align with changes in the way we now manage the business and
now operate and report as a single sales segment
VIA. We previously disclosed entity-wide financial information for
VIA
 Medifast Direct
 Franchise Medifast Weight Control Centers and Medifast Wholesale). Although
we have one reportable segment we continue to market our products and programs through our Medifast Direct ecommerce platform and
our Franchise Medifast Weight Control Center channels.

VIA encompasses our community
VIA Coaches
VIA health and wellness programs
VIA-branded products.
VIA Integrated Coaching Model is centered around providing focused
 individualized attention to our clients. Our
VIA Coaches provide the support and encouragement for clients to successfully learn and adopt a more healthy lifestyle.
This clinically-proven model translates into better client results when compared to programs that leave individuals to adopt and
VIA Coaches who share
 educate
motivate and pass along their passion for healthy living. We believe this personal
 direct-sales and service strategy is optimal
 demonstrated
that the 

VIA Coaches are independent
contractors
 not employees
 who support our clients and market our products and services primarily through word of mouth
 email
direct mail and via social media channels such as Facebook
 Twitter or Zoom. As direct-sales entrepreneurs
VIA Coaches
market our products to friends
 family and other acquaintances with whom they have established strong relationships.

VIA
VIA Integrated Coaching Model by offering economic
incentives that are attractive to independent entrepreneurs and reflective of the new &ldquo;gig economy&rdquo;. Our successful
VIA Coaches. This
process of clients becoming 

VIA clients exclusive
VIA-branded nutritional products
 or &ldquo;Fuelings&rdquo; and also offer a variety of other weight loss
 weight management
VIA Fuelings come in a variety of flavors that appeal to a broad variety
of tastes. Our products are nutrient-dense
 portion controlled
 nutritionally interchangeable and simple to use. They are formulated
with high-quality
 low-calorie
 and low-fat ingredients. Products include individually portioned
 calorie- and carbohydrate-controlled
meal replacements that share a similar nutritional footprint and provide a balance of protein and good carbohydrates. Our meal
replacements are also fortified to contain vitamins and minerals
 as well as other nutrients essential for good health. We manufacture
the majority of our powder-based products at our manufacturing facility located in Owings Mills
 Maryland and subcontract the production
VIA product sales
VIA
VIA Coaches
from having to manage inventory and allows them to maintain an arms-length transactional relationship while focusing their attention
on support and encouragement.

VIA
community
 and achieving the desired results for our clients
VIA
VIA Coaches as of December 31
 2018 was 24
VIA&rsquo;s success
is further exemplified in our strong financial performance over the last several years. As a result of our strategic investment
in the introduction
VIA brand
VIA business now accounts for 92.9%
of our revenues. Our revenues have been growing at a rapid pace. We generated revenue of $501.0 million in 2018
 $301.6 million
in 2017
 and $274.5 million in 2016
 representing year-over-year increases of 66.1% in 2018
 and 9.8% in 2017. In 2018 income from
operations was $69.0 million
 $39.6 million in 2017
 and $26.9 million in 2016
 increases of 74.3% in 2018
 and 47.6% in 2017.
(See &ldquo;Selected Consolidated Financial Data.&rdquo;)


    
    



business. We adhere to the direct-selling industry&rsquo;s highest ethical standards and best practices. We are a member in good
standing of the Direct Selling Association (&ldquo;DSA&rdquo;)
 a well-known and widely respected national trade association representing
more than 200 direct selling companies in the United States. As a member of the DSA
 we underwent a comprehensive and rigorous
review that included a detailed analysis of our direct-sales business model and practices.


 development and
VIA Integrated Coaching Model
 we believe
demonstrates a sustainable
 repeatable business rhythm focused on our long-term goal and mission of Offering the World Lifelong
Transformation
 One Healthy Habit at a Time.






products for consumers who want to lose weight and adopt a holistic approach to overall health and wellness. Our target demographic
is women ages 30-50 who wish to lose 20-30 pounds and who have tried and failed to achieve and maintain their healthy weight previously.
According to the Center for Disease Control and Prevention (&ldquo;CDC&rdquo;)
 71.6% of all adults in the United States aged 20
and above are overweight or obese. We believe we offer these consumers a radically different approach to health
 with weight loss
and weight management serving as a catalyst to an overall improvement in health
 confidence
 vitality and general well-being.




adopt a healthy lifestyle that is transformative and sustainable. Many have tried weight loss programs previously
 but have been
unsuccessful maintaining a healthy weight and embracing healthy habits for the long-term. Lifestyle issues our clients often are
seeking to address and resolve include:




the desire for more energy to meet physical demands and aspirations (e.g. work
 parenting
 sports
and recreation);

mental
 emotional and psychological limitations caused by being at an unhealthy weight;







the need for a convenient and simple
 healthy lifestyle solution or program to accommodate demands
on their time; and




significant portion of the U.S. population
 as well as the global population. According to the U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services
 overweight and obese individuals are increasingly at risk for diseases such as Type 2 diabetes
 heart disease
 certain
types of cancer
 stroke
 arthritis
 sleep apnea and depression. In 2013
 The American Medical Association declared obesity a disease
and the American Heart Association
 the American College of Cardiology
 and the Obesity Society jointly issued treatment guidelines
recommending obesity be managed as a chronic disease. The World Health Organization estimates that approximately 1.9 billion people
46 years and older are overweight worldwide
 triple the rate since 1975. In the United States
 more than two-thirds of the adult
population fall within the overweight or obese categories and approximately 37% (over 78 million) are obese.


 or greater
 whereas overweight is defined as a
BMI ranging between 25 and 29.9 kg/m. In 2016
 the United States had an obesity rate of at least 20%. Only four states had an obesity
rate that was less than 25%; twenty-five states had an adult obesity rate of 30% or higher. Being overweight and/or obese is linked
to a multitude of serious comorbidities including heart disease
 stroke
 Type 2 diabetes
 certain types of cancers
 arthritis
sleep apnea and depression. In fact
 the 2016 State of Obesity Report by Trust for America&rsquo;s Health and the Robert Wood Johnson
Foundation estimated 80% of people with diabetes are overweight or obese.


are well-known: unhealthy food choices
 excessive caloric intake
 and lack of physical activity. Obesity is not limited to adults
children and adolescents are also affected. According to the CDC
 in the past 30 years the prevalence of obesity in children age
6-11 years has doubled and obesity rates have quadrupled in adolescents age 12-19 years. Approximately 18% of children and 21%
of adolescents are obese and are at an increased risk of developing health problems such as high blood pressure
 high cholesterol
and prediabetes.


estimated $190 billion annually on obesity-related medical conditions; the average annual medical costs for those who are obese
are more than $1
400 higher than those of people in a normal weight range. The United States weight loss market itself is estimated
to be a $65 billion per year industry
 including consumer spending on diet foods
 drinks and low-calorie sweeteners; health clubs
fitness centers and workout videos; medically supervised and commercial weight loss programs; children&rsquo;s weight loss camps;
diet books; appetite suppressants and more. Portion-controlled
 meal-replacement weight management programs are continuing to gain
popularity
 as consumers search for a safe and effective solution that provides balanced nutrition
 effective weight loss
 and
valuable behavior-modification education.



Direct selling

Key motivating factors include:


the opportunity to start
 manage and grow their own business with minimal upfront capital investment;










    
    



have a member who is a direct seller. The majority of direct sellers are women and almost 90% of all direct sellers operate their
VIA Coaches
 each
VIA Coaches are effective advocates
for the Company&rsquo;s mission and the sale of its nutrition products and health and wellness programs. We offer direct sellers
business essentials
 supplies and interactive marketing services that help them launch and organize their direct-selling business
VIA Coach. In 2017
 we were ranked in the DSA&rsquo;s Top 20 list
 a recognition given annually to
the largest direct selling companies in the United States.






and we believe the United States continues to represent significant potential for growth given the high percentage of overweight
or clinically obese adults - 71.6% of adults aged 20 and over are considered overweight or clinically obese. Sales of weight loss
and health and wellness products and services are projected to grow at a compound average growth rate (&ldquo;CAGR&rdquo;) of 5%
in the United States through 2022
 according to industry research and analysis.


growing consumer awareness and increasing demand for health and wellness products. Additionally
 growing urban populations and
the corresponding increase in disposable income across age groups are enabling consumers with increased purchasing power to embrace
healthier lifestyles. The intensified interest in physical fitness
 fitness center membership
 increased public awareness and incidences
of chronic diseases such as diabetes
 hypertension
 heart disease
 stroke
 osteoporosis and others have increased demand for health
and wellness products. The nutrition and weight management segment of the industry continued to dominate the health and wellness
market in 2017.


is concentrated on building our direct sales network in regions of the country where we consider ourselves currently under-represented.
In these regions we are targeting our word of mouth and social media marketing toward increasingly younger demographics; reaching
out to important and increasingly diverse communities of health and wellness consumers
 and identifying and marketing to consumers
who are in varying stages of optimal well-being.




of our long-term growth strategy. In February 2018
 we announced our plans to expand into the Asia Pacific markets of Hong Kong
and Singapore which we anticipate will occur in the first half of 2019. Our decision to enter these markets was based on industry
market research that reflects a dynamic shift in how health care is being prioritized and consumed in those countries.


 we invested approximately
$5 million in market preparation and development
 including in-market testing and focus group research. Additionally
 we are actively
VIA Coaches in the United States to enhance facilitation of our international rollout. Our objective
is to scale our Singapore and Hong Kong operations to achieve profitability and provide a platform for further expansion in the
region. Our intent is to fund our global expansion ambitions without negatively impacting domestic operating margins.


 healthy lifestyles
have increasingly become a priority to middle-class consumers in the Asia Pacific markets as disposable income grows. Our research
has found that while traditional remedies are still essential
 consumers are increasingly incorporating healthy living products
into their daily lives. In-market testing of our products and programs evoked strong consumer response and acceptance.


is projected to grow at the highest compound annual growth rate in the world through 2026. Asia Pacific is the third largest health
and wellness marketplace in terms of revenue share and the fastest growing region
 signaling robust growth over the next several
years. The region also is a leading direct-selling marketplace
 second only to the U.S.





cross-disciplinary Scientific Advisory Board comprised of physicians and scientists who help guide the development of our comprehensive
portfolio of offerings. Our products are scientifically designed to provide the proper nutrition at every stage of a person&rsquo;s
journey toward a sustainable
 healthy lifestyle. Our offerings are nutrient dense
 portion controlled
 and nutritionally interchangeable.



VIA Integrated Coaching Model. We incorporate Healthy
Habits in all our consumer offerings. The Habits of Health System is an innovative
 mind and body lifestyle approach that encourages
and educates consumers to replace unhealthy habits with healthy ones that contribute to their long-term success.


product lines by regularly surveying our customer base and studying industry and consumer trends. This allows us to introduce new
high quality products that meet consumer demand.



VIA-branded nutritional products
we market include:

VIA
Essential Fuelings contain 24 vitamins and minerals
 high quality
 complete protein
 and no colors
 flavors or sweeteners form
artificial sources. Each Fueling has a nearly identical nutritional profile designed by our team of food scientists and refined
VIA Essential Fueling is scientifically formulated with the right
balance of carbohydrates
 protein and fat which helps promote a gentle
 but efficient fat-burning state. Our Fuelings help our
 to support digestive health.
VIA Essential Fuelings primarily through a suite of Optimal Weight Plans we have developed
around the Habits of Health System. Consumers purchase kits tailored to their individual needs on the advice and counsel of their
VIA Coach. Kits
 ranging in price from approximately $356.15 to $510.82
 include up to a 30-day supply of Fuelings and
are purchased by our clients through either our e-commerce website
VIA Coach&rsquo;s personal website or our
call center.


    
    


Select
Fuelings. OPTA
 work
with the same suite of Optimal Weight Plans described above but are formulated for those who desire Non-GMO products.


VIA
Coaches with business essentials needed to successfully start their independent business
 including business tools
 plan information
business supplies and 12 months of free access to a personalized 



VIA-branded health and wellness
plans help consumers enter a gentle and efficient fat-burning state that is essential for losing weight. Their success is enhanced
by the personal attention
 counseling
 education
VIA Coaches. They also
VIA Community of consumers with like-minded goals and objectives regarding their
VIA Community
 including support calls with a caring community
 access
to our knowledgeable Nutrition Support Team
VIA Premier service that help our clients
stay on plan
 as well as qualifies them for discounts on purchased products and free shipping. We focus our marketing efforts on
VIA 30 &ndash; of their integration to Lifelong
Transformation
 One Healthy Habit at a Time. We encourage our clients to embrace our Six Steps to Optimal Health:














VIA Coaches
began as weight-loss clients
VIA program
VIA Coaches to help others through
the weight-loss process.


are:

.
Our proven Optimal Weight 5 &amp; 1 Plan encourages consumers to eat six small meals a day
 an important habit that helps maintain
VIA Fuelings
 offering consumers a choice from more than 60 delicious
 convenient
nutritionally interchangeable
 scientifically-designed products
 including shakes
 soups
 bars
 hot beverages
 hearty choices
biscuits
 pretzels
 pudding
VIA
Coaches also counsel their clients on how to develop healthy habits
 such as preparing lean and green meals and choosing healthy
snacks.


The Optimal Weight 4 &amp; 2 &amp; 1 Plan is designed for consumers who want to continue eating all food groups or want a flexible
meal plan to help them achieve a healthy weight. Under this plan
VIA Coaches counsel their clients to eat four meals
of 


The Optimal Health 3 &amp; 3 plan is designed for consumers who want to sustain a healthy weight. This plan focuses on nutritionally
balanced
 small meals eaten every two or three hours
 similar to our Optimal Weight plans
 while integrating more food choices
VIA Coaches to eat three Optimal Health Fuelings and three balanced
meals they prepare themselves daily.



VIA now accounts for a
majority of our revenue
 we continue to market products under the Medifast brand name. About 33% of our consumable units sold in
2018 were tied to the Medifast brand. We offer a variety of weight loss
 weight management
 and healthy living products under the
Medifast
 Thrive by Medifast
 Optimal Health
 Flavor of Homes and Essential 1 brands.


more than 65 options
 including
 but not limited to
 bars
 bites
 pretzels
 puffs
 cereal crunch
 drinks
 hearty choices
 oatmeal
pancakes
 pudding
 soft serve
 shakes
 smoothies
 soft bakes
 and soups. Our Thrive by Medifast line includes a variety of specially
formulated bars
 shakes
 and smoothies for our clients who are maintaining their weight for long-term healthy living.




accounted for 10% or more of revenue.




are typically seasonal. Traditionally
 the predisposition of consumers not to initiate a weight loss or management program during
the holiday season impacts the fourth quarter with fewer sales of weight management products and services during these months.
January and February generally show increases in sales
 as these months are considered the commencement of the &ldquo;diet season.&rdquo;
We believe our sales pattern does not follow the seasonality of our industry
VIA
Coach network. Selling general and administrative costs do exhibit some seasonality as our annual convention is held during the
third quarter of each fiscal year. In 2018 and 2017
 our sales increased sequentially each quarter.


    
    





that consists of a multi-disciplinary
 international panel that serves as the foundation for scientifically-valid
 consumer-centric
high quality innovations for lasting health. Its mission is to help guide Medifast in making informed decisions regarding medical
nutritional
 and scientific matters by providing expertise and information on research and emerging trends.


builds on Medifast&rsquo;s heritage of medically sound approaches to weight loss
 and the incorporation of leading-edge clinical
research into the Company&rsquo;s products and programs.




and encompasses various weight loss products and programs. These include a wide variety of commercial weight-loss programs
 pharmaceutical
products
 books
 self-help diets
 dietary meal replacements
 appetite suppressants
 and meal replacements
 as well as
 digital
tools and wearable trackers. The weight loss market is served by a diverse array of competitors. Potential clients seeking to manage
their weight can turn to other traditional center-based competitors
 online diet oriented sites
 self-directed dieting and self-administered
products such as prescription drugs
 over-the-counter drugs and supplements
 as well as medically supervised programs.


organizations
 some of which have a longer operating history
 and greater visibility
 name recognition and financial resources
than we do. Medifast&rsquo;s identified peers and competitors in the general health and wellness diet industry include NutriSystem
Inc.
 USANA Health Sciences Inc.
 Weight Watchers International
 Inc.
 Farmer Brothers Company
 Inter Parfums Inc.
 Inventure Foods
Inc.
 Jamba Inc.
 Lifevantage Corp.
 Nature&rsquo;s Sunshine Products Inc.
 and Omega Protein Corp
 which was acquired by Cooke
Inc. in 2017.


in the weight-loss industry and differentiates itself from the competition.


clinical heritage and commitment to evaluating its products and programs through clinical research are primary differentiators
that allow it to compete in this market. Our products were originally developed by a physician
 and Medifast has been on the cutting
edge in the development of nutritional and weight-management products since the Company was founded. Medifast meals are individually
portioned
 calorie- and carbohydrate-controlled meal replacements that share a similar nutritional &ldquo;footprint&rdquo; and
provide a balance of protein and good carbohydrates
 including fiber.

VIA Integrated Coaching
VIA Coach
VIA
and has turned their success into a business opportunity. Medifast weight management programs utilize meal replacements as part
of a structured meal plan that clinical research has shown to be effective for weight loss.




brands through multiple marketing strategies. Customer acquisition and retention strategies include word-of-mouth
 digital marketing
public relations
 social media
 email marketing
 events
 and other means. These mediums are used to target new clients by stressing
VIA&rsquo;s simple and effective approach to weight loss and management and long term health. Many of
these programs are also utilized to reactivate
 encourage and support existing clients
VIA Coaches. We are constantly
working to enhance all of our company materials and websites.




 Inc.
 our wholly-owned
subsidiary
 manufactures and produces the majority of our powder-based products
 which account for approximately 45% of our unit
sales
 at our manufacturing facility in Owings Mills
 Maryland. A portion of powder-based products are packaged by a third-party
vendor in accordance with Medifast manufacturing standards. We purchased the plant in July 2002 and have gradually increased production
capacity and improved overall efficiencies with additional investments in blending and packaging equipment. The remaining 55% of
our products are manufactured by third-party vendors in accordance with Medifast proprietary formulas and manufacturing standards.
Our Owings Mills manufacturing facility is regulated and inspected by the United States Food and Drug Administration (the &ldquo;FDA&rdquo;)
the United States Department of Agriculture (the &ldquo;USDA&rdquo;) and the Maryland State Department of Health and Mental Hygiene.
It is certified by the SQF Institute as a Safe Quality Food Program (the &ldquo;SQF&rdquo;) Level 2 facility compliant with the
Global Food Safety Initiative
 a global non-profit collaboration to advance food safety.




our business is subject to extensive governmental regulation. These regulations exist at various national and local levels and
VIA Coaching marketing program
 our products
 and other aspects of our business. In this section
 we
describe the regulations that are applicable to our business.




national
 state and local government agencies in the United States and foreign markets. These laws and regulations are generally
intended to prevent fraudulent or deceptive schemes
 including &quot;pyramid&quot; schemes
 which compensate participants primarily
for recruiting additional participants without significant emphasis on product sales to consumers. The laws and regulations governing
direct selling may be modified or reinterpreted from time to time
 which may cause us to modify our sales compensation and business
models. In almost all of our markets
 regulations are subject to discretionary interpretation by regulators and judicial authorities.
There is often ambiguity and uncertainty with respect to the state of direct selling and anti-pyramiding laws and regulations.
In the United States
 for example
 federal law provides law enforcement agencies
 such as the Federal Trade Commission (the &quot;FTC&quot;)
broad latitude in policing unfair or deceptive trade practices
 but does not provide a bright-line test for identifying a pyramid
scheme. Several states have passed legislation that more clearly distinguishes between illegal pyramid schemes and legitimate multi-level
marketing business models. Recent settlements between the FTC and other direct selling companies and guidance from the FTC have
addressed inappropriate earnings and lifestyle claims and the importance of focusing on consumers. These developments have created
a level of ambiguity as to the proper interpretation of the law and related court decisions. For example
 in 2015
 the FTC took
aggressive actions against a multi-level marketing company
 alleging an illegal business model and inappropriate earnings claims.
We have taken additional steps to educate our distributors on proper earnings claims. If our distributors make improper claims
or if regulators determine we are making any improper claims
 this could lead to an FTC investigation and could harm our business.


    
    



 the FTC entered into a settlement
with another multi-level marketing company
 requiring the company to modify its business model
 including basing sales compensation
and qualification only on sales to retail and preferred customers and on purchases by a distributor for personal consumption within
allowable limits. Although this settlement does not represent judicial precedent or a new FTC rule
 the FTC has indicated that
the industry should look at this settlement
 and the principles underlying its specific measures
 for guidance. If the requirements
in this settlement lead to new industry standards or new rules
 our business could be impacted and we may need to amend our global
sales compensation plan. With a majority of our revenue in the United States coming from sales to retail and preferred customers
we believe that we can demonstrate consumer demand for our products
 but we continue to monitor developments to assess whether
we should make any changes to our business or global sales compensation plan. If we are required to make changes or if the FTC
seeks to enforce similar measures in the industry
 either through rulemaking or an enforcement action against our company
 our
business could be harmed.




advertising and marketing
 services
 products
 operations and relations with consumers
 franchisees
 and other service providers
and government authorities in the countries in which we operate.


 processing
 packaging
 labeling
marketing
 advertising and selling of the Company's products is subject to regulation by federal
 state and local agencies. Products
must comply with the Federal Food Drug and Cosmetic Act
 the Food Safety Modernization Act
 the Federal Trade Commission Act
 State
Consumer Protection laws and several other federal
 state and local statutes and regulations applicable in localities in which
the Company products are made or are sold.


departments are the major agencies whose regulatory mission is to assure that products are made using approved ingredients
 labeling
manufacturing procedures and testing to ensure that safe quality products are delivered to consumers.


data protection and communications
 operations or commerce over the Internet
 such as those governing intellectual property
 privacy
and taxation
 continue to evolve. Our operations are subject to these laws and regulations and we continue to monitor their development
and our compliance. In addition
 we are subject to other laws and regulations in the United States and internationally.


over the Company&rsquo;s advertising and trade practices
 its enforcement powers are aimed at protecting the consumer from being
deceived by unfair marketing and trading practices.


 the FTC filed complaints
against a number of commercial weight management providers alleging violations of federal law in connection with the use of advertisements
that featured testimonials claims for program success and program costs. In 2012
 Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company
 entered into a consent decree with the FTC regarding certain statements included in the advertising for the Company&rsquo;s
weight-loss programs. The consent decree requires us to comply with certain procedures and disclosures in connection with our advertisements
of products and services.




 like other producers and distributors
of ingested products
 faces an inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that
 among other things
 the
use of its products results in injury or death. The Company maintains insurance against product liability claims with respect to
the products it manufactures. With respect to the retail and direct marketing distribution of products produced by others
 the
Company's principal form of insurance consists of arrangements with each of its suppliers of those products to name the Company
a covered entity under each of such vendor's product liability insurance policies. The Company does not buy products from suppliers
who do not maintain such coverage.




24&nbsp;hours after receipt of an order. As of February 15
 2019
 we had no significant backlog of orders.




in stock in order to provide a high level of service to our clients. Substantial inventories are required to meet the needs of
our dual role as manufacturer and distributor.




we have contravened federal
 state
 or local laws relating to protection of the environment or in which we otherwise may be subject
to liability for environmental conditions that could materially affect operations.




 2018
 the Company employed
420 employees
 of whom 220 were engaged in manufacturing
 logistics
 and supply chain support
 and 200 in marketing
 administrative
call center and corporate support functions. None of the employees are subject to a collective bargaining agreement with the Company.
We believe that we have a good relationship with our employees. All employees are employed by Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.


    
    





developed software and are hosted by cloud service providers and at a colocation data center located in Baltimore
 Maryland. The
hosting facilities provide carrier diverse network connectivity
 redundant and emergency power
 fire prevention and control
 and
robust physical security for the equipment on which our websites rely. Our information systems and infrastructure are monitored
24 hours a day
 seven days a week. Annually we evaluate the compliance of key service organizations with SSAE 18 standards by reviewing
the relevant System and Organization Controls reports (SOC 1
 SOC 2 and SOC 3)
 in addition to PCI DSS compliance
 where applicable.


to protect our confidential customer data
 including regularly scheduled penetration security tests on our websites. We also use
an industry leading network monitoring service for our Intrusion Detection Services solution along with Intrusion Prevention System
devices on our network&rsquo;s perimeter. When our clients place an order or access their account information
 we use secure channels
to encrypt and transmit information. Our security certificates encrypt all information entered before it is sent to our servers.
We have a secondary firewall layer of security between our customer facing websites and the databases that house their information
and we have deployed mitigation devices to protect against Distributed Denial of Service attacks. Customer data is protected against
unauthorized access. We have a redundant network across our organization
 which provides for inter-connectivity and redundancy
for our corporate locations.


scope
 we will continue to improve and upgrade our information systems and infrastructure while maintaining their reliability and
integrity.




by the Company are sold primarily under its own trademarks and trade names. Ours policy is to protect our products and programs
through trademark registrations both in the United States and in significant international markets. The Company carefully monitors
trademark use and strongly promotes enforcement and protection of all of its trademarks.




Drive
 Baltimore
 Maryland 21202. Our telephone number at this office is (410) 581-8042. Our corporate website is http://www.medifastinc.com.
All periodic and current reports
 registration statements
 code of conduct and other material that we are required to file with
the SEC
 including our annual report on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K
 and amendments
to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act
 are available free of charge through our investor
relations page at https://ir.medifastinc.com. Such documents are available as soon as reasonably practicable after electronic filing
of the material with the SEC. Our Internet website and the information contained therein or connected thereto are not intended
to be incorporated into this Annual Report.


field by the Company with the SEC at the SEC&rsquo;s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street
 NE
 Washington
 DC 20549. The public
may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an
Internet site
 www.sec.gov
 which contains reports
 proxy and information statements
 and other information regarding issuers that
file such information electronically with the SEC.




carefully the following risks and uncertainties when reading this Report. If any of the events described below actually occurs
the Company's business
 financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected. You should understand
that it is not possible to predict or identify all such risks and uncertainties. Consequently
 you should not consider the following
to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties.



The success of
our business is dependent on our ability to maintain and grow our network of OPTA

VIA Coaches
VIA Coaches to continually grow their businesses by attracting
VIA
Coach to be key indicators of our financial performance and condition. As of December 31
 2018
 the Company had 24
100 total active
VIA Coach was $5
756. The failure to provide
VIA Coaches to grow their businesses will adversely affect
VIA Coaches is also subject
to risks which may be outside of our control. These include:








Adverse opinions of our products
 services
 or industry; and

Regulatory actions against our company
 competitors in our industry
 or other direct selling companies.

Our direct selling
model may be challenged which could harm our business.


to challenges by government regulators regarding our direct selling model. Legal and regulatory requirements concerning the direct
selling industry generally do not include &ldquo;bright line&rdquo; rules and are inherently fact-based and subject to interpretation.
As a result
 regulators and courts have discretion in their application of these laws and regulations
 and the enforcement or interpretation
of these laws and regulations by government agencies or courts can change.


    
    



between the FTC and other direct selling companies and guidance from the FTC have addressed inappropriate earnings and lifestyle
claims and the importance of focusing on consumers. These developments have created a level of ambiguity as to the proper interpretation
of the law and related court decisions. Any adverse rulings or legal actions could impact our business if direct selling laws or
anti-pyramid laws are interpreted more narrowly or in a manner that results in additional burdens or restrictions on direct selling
companies. For example
 in 2015 the FTC took aggressive actions against a multi-level marketing company alleging an illegal business
VIA Coaches make improper claims regarding our products or business
or if regulators determine we are making any improper claims
 this could lead to an FTC investigation and could harm our business.


 the FTC
entered into a settlement with another multi-level marketing company
 requiring the company to modify its business model
 including
basing sales compensation and qualification only on sales to retail and preferred customers and on purchases by a distributor for
personal consumption within allowable limits. Although this settlement does not represent judicial precedent or a new FTC rule
the FTC has indicated that the industry should look at this settlement
 and the principles underlying its specific measures
 for
guidance. If the requirements in this settlement lead to new industry standards or new rules
 our business could be impacted and
VIA Coaches. With a majority of our revenue in the United States
VIA Coaches
 we believe that we can demonstrate consumer demand for
our products
 but we continue to monitor developments to assess whether we should make any changes to our compensation structure.
If we are required to make changes or if the FTC seeks to enforce similar measures in the industry
 either through rulemaking or
an enforcement action against our company
 our business could be harmed.


subject to challenges by private parties in civil actions. We are aware of recent civil actions against other companies in the
United States that use a direct sales model
 which have and may in the future result in significant settlements. Allegations against
companies that use a multi-level marketing strategy in various markets have also created intense public scrutiny of companies in
the direct selling industry. All of these actions and any future scrutiny of us or the direct selling industry could generate negative
publicity or further regulatory actions that could result in fines
 restrict our ability to conduct our business
 enter into new
markets
 and ultimately attract consumers.

Our sales may be adversely
impacted by the health and stability of the general economy.


VIA Coaches. A downturn in general
economic conditions
 such as a recession or prolonged economic slowdown
 may reduce the demand for our products and otherwise adversely
affect our sales. For example
 economic forces
 including general economic conditions
 demographic trends
 consumer confidence
in the economy
 changes in disposable consumer income and/or reductions in discretionary spending
 may cause consumers to defer
or decrease purchases of our products and programs which could adversely affect our revenue
 gross profit
 and/or our overall financial
condition and operating results.

We rely on third parties
to provide us with a majority of the products we sell and we manufacture the remaining portion. The inability to obtain the necessary
products from our third-party manufacturers or to produce the products we manufacture in-house could cause our revenue
 earnings
or reputation to suffer.


manufacturers to supply a significant portion of the food and other products we sell. If we are unable to obtain a sufficient quantity
quality and variety of foods and other products from these manufactures in a timely and low-cost manner
 we will be unable to fulfill
our clients&rsquo; orders in a timely manner
 which may cause us to lose revenue and market share or incur higher costs
 as well
as damage the value of our brands.


 it is critical
that we maintain good relationships with our manufacturers. The services we require from these parties may be disrupted due to
a number of factors associated with their businesses
 including the following:

























45% of the food and other products we sell. As a result
 we are dependent upon the uninterrupted and efficient operation of our
sole manufacturing facility in Owings Mills
 Maryland. The operations at this facility may be disrupted by a number of factors
including the following:



















    
    



that the occurrence of these or any other operational problems at our sole facility would not have a material adverse effect on
our business
 financial condition or results of operations.

We may be subject
to claims that our OPTA

VIA
Coaches are independent contractors and
 accordingly
 we are not in a position to provide the same level of oversight as we would
VIA Coaches were our own employees. As a result
VIA Coaches
will comply with our policies and procedures despite our internal compliance efforts. Additionally
VIA
Coaches do not have extensive training or certification in nutrition
 diet or health fields and have only undergone the training
VIA Coaches lack the qualifications
VIA
Coaches have provided inappropriate advice or have inappropriately referred or failed to refer clients to health care providers
for matters other than weight loss. Such claims could result in lawsuits
 damage to our reputation and divert management's attention
from our business
 which would adversely affect our business.

We may be subject
to health or advertising related claims from our clients.


weight management programs do not include medical treatment or medical advice
 and we do not engage physicians or nurses to monitor
the progress of our clients. Many people who are overweight suffer from other physical conditions
 and our target consumers could
be considered a high-risk population. A customer who experiences health problems could allege or bring a lawsuit against us on
the basis that those problems were caused or worsened by participating in our weight management program. Further
 clients who allege
that they were deceived by any statements that we made in advertising or labeling could bring a lawsuit against us under consumer
protection laws. From time-to-time we are subject to such allegations and have we been involved in such litigation. While we would
defend ourselves against such claims
 we may ultimately be unsuccessful in our defense. Also
 defending ourselves against such
claims
 regardless of their merit and ultimate outcome
 would likely be lengthy and costly
 and adversely affect our brand image
customer loyalty and results of operations.

The weight management
industry is highly competitive. If any of our competitors or a new entrant into the market with significant resources pursues a
weight management program similar to ours
 our business could be significantly affected.


in the weight management industry and we must remain competitive in the areas of program efficacy
 price
 taste
 customer service
and brand recognition. Our competitors include companies selling pharmaceutical products and weight loss programs
 digital tools
and wearable trackers
 as well as a wide variety of diet foods and meal replacement bars and shakes
 appetite suppressants and
nutritional supplements. Some of our competitors are significantly larger than we are and have substantially greater resources.
Our business could be adversely affected if someone with significant resources decided to imitate our weight management program.
For example
 if a major supplier of pre-packaged foods decided to enter this market and made a substantial investment of resources
in advertising and training diet counselors
 our business could be significantly affected. Any increased competition from new entrants
into our industry or any increased success by existing competition could result in reductions in our sales or prices
 or both
which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

New weight loss
products or services may put us at a competitive disadvantage and our business may suffer.


industry is subject to changing consumer demands based
 in large part
 on the efficacy and popular appeal of weight management
programs. The popularity of weight management programs is dependent
 in part
 on their ease of use
 cost and channels of distribution
as well as consumer trends
 and
 on an ongoing basis
 many existing and potential providers of weight loss solutions
 including
many pharmaceutical firms with significantly greater financial and operating resources than we have
 are developing new products
and services. The creation of a weight loss solution
 such as a drug therapy
 that is perceived to be safe
 effective and &quot;easier&quot;
than a portion-controlled meal plan would put us at a disadvantage in the marketplace and our results of operations could be negatively
affected.

If we do not continue
to develop innovative new services and products or if our services and products do not continue to appeal to the market
 or if
we are unable to successfully expand or respond to consumer trends
 our business may suffer.


of consumers on more integrated lifestyle and fitness approaches rather than just food
 nutrition and diet could adversely impact
the popularity of our programs. Our future success depends on our ability to continue to develop and market new
 innovative services
and products and to enhance our existing services and products
 each on a timely basis to respond to new and evolving consumer
demands
 achieve market acceptance and keep pace with new nutritional
 weight management
 technological and other developments.
We may not be successful in developing
 introducing on a timely basis or marketing any new or enhanced services and products
 and
we cannot assure you that any new or enhanced services or products will appeal to the market. Our failure to develop new products
and services and to enhance our existing products and services
 and the failure of our products and services to continue to appeal
to the market could have an adverse impact on our ability to attract and retain clients and thus adversely affect our business
financial condition or results of operations.

Any failure of
our technology or systems to perform satisfactorily could result in an adverse impact on our business.


hardware
 network systems and similar technology
 including cloud-based technology
 that is either developed by us or licensed
from or maintained by third parties to operate our websites
 online subscription product offerings and other services and products
such as the recurring billing system associated with certain of our commitment plans
 and to support our business operations. As
much of this technology is complex
 there may be future errors
 defects or performance problems
 including when we update our technology
or integrate new technology to expand and enhance our capabilities. Our technology may malfunction or suffer from defects that
become apparent only after extended use. The integrity of our technology may also be compromised as a result of third-party cyber-attacks
such as hacking
 spear phishing campaigns and denial of service attacks
 which are increasingly negatively impacting companies.
In addition
 our operations depend on our ability to protect our information technology systems against damage from third-party
cyber-attacks
 fire
 power loss
 water
 earthquakes
 telecommunications failures and similar unexpected adverse events. Interruptions
in our websites
 services and products or network systems could result from unknown technical defects
 insufficient capacity or
the failure of our third-party providers to provide continuous and uninterrupted service. While we maintain disaster recovery capabilities
to return to normal operation in a timely manner
 we do not have a fully redundant system that includes an instantaneous recovery
capability.


    
    



possible defects
 failures
 interruptions or other problems
 our services and products could be rendered unreliable or be perceived
as unreliable by clients
 which could result in harm to our reputation and brand. Any failure of our technology or systems could
result in an adverse impact on our business.

Our business is
subject to online security risks
 including security breaches and identity theft.


who penetrate our information security systems could misappropriate proprietary or customer information or data or cause interruptions
to the product offerings on our website. As a result
 it may become necessary to expend significant additional amounts of capital
and resources to protect against
 or to alleviate
 problems caused by unauthorized users. These expenditures
 however
 may not
prove to be a timely remedy against unauthorized users who are able to penetrate our information security systems. In addition
to purposeful security breaches
 the inadvertent transmission of computer viruses could adversely affect our computer systems and
in turn
 harm our business.


of states require that customers be notified if a security breach results in the disclosure of their personal financial account
or other information. Additional states and governmental entities are considering such &quot;notice&rdquo; laws. In addition
 other
public disclosure laws may require that material security breaches be reported. If we experience a security breach and such notice
or public disclosure is required in the future
 our reputation and our business may be harmed.


of our business
 we collect and utilize proprietary and customer information and data. Privacy concerns among prospective and existing
clients regarding our use of such information or data collected on our website or through our services and products
 such as weight
management information
 financial data
 email addresses and home addresses
 could keep them from using our website or purchasing
our services or products. We currently face certain legal obligations regarding the manner in which we treat such information and
data. Businesses have been criticized by privacy groups and governmental bodies for their use and handling of such information
and data. We rely on third-party software products to secure our credit card transactions. Although we have developed systems and
processes that are designed to protect consumer information and prevent fraudulent payment transactions and other security breaches
failure to prevent or mitigate such fraud or breaches or changes in industry standards or regulations may adversely affect our
business and operating results or cause us to lose our ability to accept credit cards as a form of payment and result in chargebacks
of fraudulently charged amounts. Furthermore
 widespread credit card fraud may lessen our clients&rsquo; willingness to purchase
our products on our website.

Third parties may
infringe on our brand
 trademarks and other intellectual property rights
 which may have an adverse impact on our business.


on a combination of trademark and other intellectual property laws and confidentiality procedures to establish and protect our
proprietary rights
 including our brand. Because our business relies heavily on a direct-to-consumer business model
 our brand
is an important element of our business strategy. If we fail to successfully enforce our intellectual property rights
 the value
of our brand
 services and products could be diminished and our business may suffer. Additionally
 failure to protect our intellectual
property could result in the entry of a competitor to the market. Our precautions may not prevent misappropriation of our intellectual
property. Any legal action that we may bring to protect our brand and other intellectual property could be unsuccessful and expensive
and could divert management&rsquo;s attention from other business concerns. In addition
 legal standards relating to the validity
enforceability and scope of protection of intellectual property
 especially in Internet-related businesses
 are uncertain and evolving.
We cannot assure you that these evolving legal standards will sufficiently protect our intellectual property rights in the future.

We may in the future
be subject to intellectual property rights claims.


in the future make claims against us alleging infringement of their intellectual property rights. Any intellectual property claims
regardless of merit
 could be time-consuming and expensive to litigate or settle and could significantly divert management&rsquo;s
attention from other business concerns. In addition
 if we were unable to successfully defend against such claims
 we may have
to pay damages
 stop selling the service or product or stop using the software
 technology or content found to be in violation
of a third-party&rsquo;s rights
 seek a license for the infringing service
 product
 software
 technology or content or develop
alternative non-infringing services
 products
 software
 technology or content. If we cannot license on reasonable terms
 develop
alternatives or stop using the service
 product
 software
 technology or content for any infringing aspects of our business
 we
may be forced to limit our service and product offerings. Any of these results could reduce our revenue and our ability to compete
effectively
 increase our costs or harm our business.

We may not be able
to successfully implement new strategic initiatives
 which could adversely impact our business.


evaluating changing consumer preferences and the competitive environment of our industry and seeking out opportunities to improve
our performance through the implementation of selected strategic initiatives. The goal of these efforts is to develop and implement
a comprehensive and competitive business strategy which addresses the continuing changes in the weight management industry environment
and our position within the industry. For example
 as the healthcare industry continues to evolve its response to the obesity epidemic
so do the requirements
 both regulatory and business
 for providers. If we do not successfully meet these requirements
 we may
not be perceived as an appropriate partner for certain purposes. We may not be able to successfully implement our strategic initiatives
and realize the intended business opportunities
 growth prospects
 including new business units
 and competitive advantages. Our
efforts to capitalize on business opportunities may not bring the intended results. Assumptions underlying expected financial results
or consumer demand may not be met or economic conditions may deteriorate. We also may be unable to attract and retain highly qualified
and skilled personnel to implement our strategic initiatives. If these or other factors limit our ability to successfully execute
our strategic initiatives
 our business activities
 financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.


    
    


The sale of our products
in markets outside of the United States may subject us to risks.


our anticipated entry into Hong Kong and Singapore we may expand our sales
 marketing and distribution activities in these markets
on our own or through arrangements with partners located in other countries. The sale
 marketing and distribution of our products
and programs in these and other international locations is subject to a number of uncertainties
 including
 but not limited to
the following:


















Expansion into
international markets increases our operational
 regulatory and other risks.


our expansion into the Asia Pacific markets of Hong Kong and Singapore in the first half of 2019. As a result
 we will face increased
operational
 regulatory
 compliance and reputational risks. The failure of our compliance and internal control systems to properly
mitigate such additional risks
 or of our operating infrastructure to support such expansion
 could result in operational failures
and regulatory fines or sanctions. Our operations in the Hong Kong and Singapore and other jurisdictions will be subject to significant
compliance
 disclosure and other obligations. Activity in international markets also exposes us to fluctuations in currency exchange
rates
 which may adversely affect the U.S. dollar value of revenues
 expenses and assets associated with our business activities
outside the United States. Actual and anticipated changes in current exchange rates may also adversely affect international demand
for our investment strategies and services
 most of which represent investments primarily in U.S. dollar-based assets. Because
certain of our costs to support international business activities will be based in local currencies
 the profitability of such
activities in U.S. dollars may be adversely affected by a weakening of the U.S. dollar versus other currencies in which we derive
revenues.

We are subject
to anti-corruption laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate
 including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (&ldquo;FCPA&rdquo;).
Our failure to comply with these laws could result in penalties which could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect
on our business
 results of operations and financial condition.


the FCPA
 which generally prohibits companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the
purpose of obtaining or keeping business and/or other benefits
 along with various other anticorruption laws. Although we have
implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure that we
 our employees and other intermediaries comply with the FCPA and
other anticorruption laws to which we are subject
 there is no assurance that such policies or procedures will work effectively
all of the time or protect us against liability under the FCPA or other laws for actions taken by our employees and other intermediaries
with respect to our business or any businesses that we may acquire.


operations in international markets
 such as Hong Kong
 Singapore and other jurisdictions
 may pose elevated risks of anti-corruption
violations as we are in frequent contact with persons who may be considered &ldquo;foreign officials&rdquo; under the FCPA
 resulting
in an elevated risk of potential FCPA violations. If we are not in compliance with the FCPA and other laws governing the conduct
of business with government entities (including local laws)
 we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties and other remedial
measures
 which could have an adverse impact on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and liquidity. Any investigation
of any potential violations of the FCPA or other anticorruption laws by U.S. or foreign authorities could harm our reputation and
have an adverse impact on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

Our business in
Hong Kong and Singapore will be subject to sensitive economic
 political
 regulatory and market conditions.


Pacific markets of Hong Kong and Singapore is a key component of our global growth strategy. Our business in these countries will
be sensitive to economic
 political
 regulatory and market conditions that drive sales volume. If we are unable to establish our
position in these markets our business and financial results could be adversely affected.

We are dependent
on our key executive officers for future success. If we lose the services of any of our key executive officers and we are unable
to timely retain a qualified replacement
 our business could be harmed.


depends to a significant degree on the skills
 experience and efforts of our key executive officers. The loss of the services of
any of these individuals could harm our business. We have not obtained life insurance on any key executive officers. If any key
executive officers left us or were seriously injured and became unable to work
 our business could be harmed.

Provisions in our
certificate of incorporation may deter or delay an acquisition of us or prevent a change in control
 even if an acquisition or
a change of control would be beneficial to our stockholders.


of incorporation (as amended) may have the effect of deterring unsolicited takeovers or delaying or preventing a third-party from
acquiring control of us
 even if our stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares over then current market prices.
In addition
 these provisions may limit the ability of our stockholders to approve transactions that they may deem to be in their
best interests.


incorporation (as amended) permits our Board of Directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval upon such terms
as the Board of Directors may determine. The rights of the holders of our common stock will be junior to
 and may be adversely
affected by
 the rights of the holders of any preferred stock that may be issued in the future. The issuance of preferred stock
could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third-party to acquire
 or discourage a third-party from acquiring
 a majority
of our outstanding common stock. The issuance of a substantial number of preferred shares could adversely affect the price of our
common stock.


    
    




Changes in consumer
preferences could negatively impact our operating results.


pre-packaged food selections
 which we believe offer convenience and value to our clients. Our continued success depends
 to a
large degree
 upon the continued popularity of our program versus various other weight loss
 weight management and fitness regimens
such as low carbohydrate diets
 appetite suppressants and diets featured in the published media. Changes in consumer tastes and
preferences away from our pre-packaged food and support and counseling services
 and any failure to provide innovative responses
to these changes
 may have a materially adverse impact on our business
 financial condition
 operating results
 cash flows and
prospects. Our success is also dependent on our food innovation including maintaining a robust array of food items and improving
the quality of existing items. If we do not continually expand our food items or provide clients with items that are desirable
in taste and quality
 our business could be harmed.

The weight loss
industry is subject to adverse publicity
 which could harm our business.


receives adverse publicity from time to time
 and the occurrence of such publicity could harm us
 even if the adverse publicity
is not directly related to us. Congressional hearings about practices in the weight loss industry have also resulted in adverse
publicity and a consequent decline in the revenue of weight loss businesses. Future research reports or publicity that is perceived
as unfavorable or that question certain weight loss programs
 products or methods could result in a decline in our revenue. Because
of our dependence on consumer perceptions
 adverse publicity associated with illness or other undesirable effects resulting from
the consumption of our products or similar products by competitors
 whether or not accurate
 could also damage customer confidence
in our weight loss program and result in a decline in revenue. Adverse publicity could arise even if the unfavorable effects associated
with weight loss products or services resulted from the user&rsquo;s failure to use such products or services appropriately.

Our industry is
subject to governmental regulation that could increase in severity and hurt results of operations.


to federal
 state and other governmental regulation. Certain federal and state agencies
 such as the FTC
 regulate and enforce
laws relating to advertising
 disclosures to consumers
 privacy
 consumer pricing and billing arrangements and other consumer protection
matters. A determination by a federal or state agency
 or a court
 that any of our practices do not meet existing or new laws or
regulations could result in liability
 adverse publicity
 and restrictions of our business operations. Some advertising practices
in the weight loss industry have led to investigations from time to time by the FTC and other governmental agencies. Many companies
in the weight loss industry
 including our predecessor businesses
 have entered into consent decrees with the FTC relating to weight
loss claims and other advertising practices. In October 2009
 the FTC published its revised Guides concerning the Use of Endorsements
and Testimonials in Advertising which now requires us to make a statement as to what the typical weight loss clients can expect
to achieve on our program when using a customer's weight loss testimonial in advertising. Federal and state regulation of advertising
practices generally
 and in the weight loss industry in particular
 may increase in scope or severity in the future
 which could
have a material adverse impact on our business.


industry are also subject to government regulation. For example
 the labeling and distribution of food products
 including dietary
supplements
 are subject to strict USDA and FDA requirements and food manufacturers are subject to rigorous inspection and other
requirements of the USDA and FDA
 and companies operating in foreign markets must comply with those countries' requirements for
proper labeling
 controls on hygiene
 food preparation and other matters. If federal
 state
 local or foreign regulation of our
industry increases for any reason
 then we may be required to incur significant expenses
 as well as modify our operations to comply
with new regulatory requirements
 which could harm our operating results. Additionally
 remedies available in any potential administrative
or regulatory actions may include product recalls and require us to refund amounts paid by all affected clients or pays other damages
which could be substantial.


directly applicable to communications
 operations or commerce over the Internet such as those governing intellectual property
privacy
 libel and taxation
 are more prevalent and remain unsettled. If we are required to comply with new laws or regulations
or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations
 or if we are unable to comply with these laws
 regulations or interpretations
our business could be adversely affected.


including laws or regulations affecting our marketing and advertising practices
 relations with consumers
 employees
 service providers
or our services and products
 may have an adverse impact on us.

The manufacture
and sale of ingested products are subject to product liability claims and other risks.


and distributors of products that are ingested
 we face an inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims if the use of
our products results in illness or injury. The foods and products that we manufacture and sell in the United States are subject
to laws and regulations
 including those administered by the USDA and FDA that establish manufacturing practices and quality standards
for food products. Product liability claims could have a material adverse effect on our business as existing insurance coverage
may not be adequate. Distributors of weight loss food products
 including dietary supplements
 have been named as defendants in
product liability lawsuits from time to time. The successful assertion or settlement of an uninsured claim
 a significant number
of insured claims or a claim exceeding the limits of our insurance coverage would harm us by adding costs to the business and by
diverting the attention of senior management from the operation of the business. We may also be subject to claims that our products
contain contaminants
 are improperly labeled; include inadequate instructions as to use or inadequate warnings covering interactions
with other substances. Additionally
 the manufacture and sale of these products involves the risk of injury to consumers due to
tampering by unauthorized third parties or product contamination. Product liability litigation
 even if not meritorious
 is very
expensive and could also entail adverse publicity for us and reduce our revenue. Furthermore
 the products we manufacture and distribute
or certain components of those products
 may be subject to product recalls or other deficiencies. Any negative publicity associated
with these actions would adversely affect our brand and may result in decreased product sales and
 as a result
 lower revenue and
profits.


    
    









000 square-foot manufacturing
facility in Owings Mills
 Maryland and leases office space in Baltimore
 Maryland which serves as our corporate headquarters. The
corporate headquarters&rsquo; lease expires in February 2026. The Company owns a 119
000 square-foot distribution facility in Ridgley
Maryland and out sources a second distribution center in Reno
 Nevada. Both distribution facilities give the Company adequate product
distribution capacity for the foreseeable future. The Company leases a raw materials warehouse in Arbutus
 Maryland. The Arbutus
warehouse lease expires in February 2022.




 from time to time
 subject
to a variety of litigation and similar proceedings that arise out of the ordinary course of its business.&nbsp; Based upon the
Company&rsquo;s experience
 current information and applicable law
 it does not believe that these proceedings and claims will
have a material adverse effect on its results of operations
 financial position or liquidity. However
 the results of legal actions
cannot be predicted with certainty. Therefore
 it is possible that the Company&rsquo;s results of operations
 financial condition
or cash flows could be materially adversely affected in any particular period by the unfavorable resolution of one or more legal
actions.






    
    




ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S
COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES


traded on the NYSE under the abbreviated ticker symbol &ldquo;MED&rdquo;.




of the Company&rsquo;s common stock as of February 15
 2019. This number does not include beneficial owners of our securities held
in the name of nominees.

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under
Equity Compensation Plans


 Item 12- Security Ownership
of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters for information regarding securities authorized for
issuance under our equity compensation plans
 which information is incorporated herein by reference.




about the Company&rsquo;s repurchases of common stock for the three months ended December 31
 2018:



    
    
    
    
    

    
2
142
    
    
728
881

    
65
501
    
64
064
664
817

    
    
    
    
664
817


 2
850 shares of common stock
were surrendered by employees to the Company to cover minimum tax liability withholding obligations upon the vesting of shares
of restricted stock and upon exercise of options previously granted to such employees. An additional 729 shares of common stock
were surrendered by an employee to the Company to cover the cashless exercise of options previously granted to such employee.

 At the outset of the quarter
ended December 31
 2018
 there were 728
881 shares of the Company's common stock eligible for repurchase under the repurchase authorization
dated September 16
 2014 (the &quot;Stock Repurchase Plan&quot;).


 in accordance with
 and as part
of
 the Stock Repurchase Plan implemented a Rule 10b5-1 repurchase plan to facilitate repurchases of the Company&rsquo;s common
stock under the Stock Repurchase Plan. As of December 31
 2018
 there were 664
817 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock eligible
for repurchase under the Stock Repurchase Plan. There can be no assurances as to the amount
 timing or prices of repurchases
 which
may vary based on market conditions and other factors. The Stock Repurchase Plan does not have an expiration date and can be modified
or terminated by the Board of Directors at any time.




percentage change in the Company&rsquo;s cumulative total stockholder return (Common Stock price appreciation plus dividends
 on
a reinvested basis) for the last five fiscal years to that of the Standard &amp; Poor&rsquo;s 500 Index and the Company&rsquo;s
selected peer groups. The 2018 Peer Group includes NutriSystem Inc.
 USANA Health Sciences Inc.
 and Weight Watchers International
Inc.
 Farmer Brothers Company
 Inter Parfums Inc.
 Inventure Foods Inc.
 Jamba Inc.
 Lifevantage Corp.
 Nature&rsquo;s Sunshine
Products Inc.
 and Omega Protein Corp.


    
    






    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 Inc.
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    





set forth below should be read in conjunction with &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations&rdquo; included in Part&nbsp;II
 Item&nbsp;7 of this Report
 and the consolidated financial statements and
notes thereto of the Company included in Part&nbsp;II
 Item&nbsp;8 of this Report. The historical results provided below are not
necessarily indicative of future results.




 except per share data)
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
501
003
301
563
274
534
272
773
285
285

    
379
899
227
812
205
664
201
315
209
207

    
69
063
39
632
26
859
28
684
30
246

    
70
548
40
326
27
122
29
671
31
693

    
55
789
27
721
17
835
19
567
21
029


 net of tax
    
    
    
    
(7
848

    
55
789
27
721
17
835
20
058
13
181

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
169
429
145
929
121
216
116
118
112
183

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
109
106
108
581
96
016
88
584
80
476

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
11
947
11
924
11
842
11
959
12
670

    
12
079
12
088
11
947
12
071
12
778


ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates


prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;). Our significant accounting
policies are described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.


statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 the
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenue and
expenses during the reporting period. Management develops
 and changes periodically
 these estimates and assumptions based on historical
experience and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from
these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Management considers the following accounting policies to be the most
critical in preparing our consolidated financial statements. These critical accounting policies have been discussed with our Audit
Committee
 as appropriate.

 Our revenue is
derived primarily from point of sale transactions executed over an e-commerce platform for weight loss
 weight management
 and
other consumable health and nutritional products. Revenue is recognized upon receipt by customer and net of discounts
 rebates
promotional adjustments
 price adjustments
 allocated consideration to loyalty programs and estimated returns.


    
    



promised products are transferred to our clients
 in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange
for transferring those products. When determining whether the customer has obtained control the products
 we consider any future
performance obligations.


contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer
. A contract&rsquo;s
transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue when
 or as
 the performance obligation
is satisfied. Our contracts have performance obligations to fulfill and deliver products from the point of sale transaction along
with the related customer reward programs.


at a point in time. Revenue from products transferred to clients at a point in time accounted for substantially all of our revenue
for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017. Revenue on these contracts is recognized when the obligations under the terms of
the contract with our customer are satisfied. Generally
 this occurs with the transfer of control upon receipt of products by our
clients. Any consideration received prior to the fulfillment of the Company performance obligation is deferred and recognized as
a liability.


within 30 days of purchase and upon our authorization. We adjust revenues for the products expected to be returned and a liability
is recognized for expected refunds to clients. We estimate expected returns based on historical levels and project this experience
into the future.


to purchase additional products priced at a discount. Options to acquire additional products at a discount can come in many forms
such as customer reward programs and incentive offerings including pricing arrangements
 and promotions.


customer reward programs and incentive offerings including pricing arrangements
 promotions
 incentives that represent variable
consideration and separate performance obligations. The Company accounts for sales rewards as a separate performance obligation
of the transactions
 and therefore allocates consideration between the initial sale of products and the customer reward program
and incentive offering.


handling activities are treated as a promised service performance obligation and recorded in revenue in the accompanying Consolidated
Statements of Income upon fulfillment of the performance obligation. Shipping and handling costs incurred by the Company for the
delivery of products to clients are considered a cost to fulfill the contract and are included in cost of sales in the accompanying
Consolidated Statements of Income.


fees during the period in which the corresponding revenue is earned. These costs are deferred along with the revenues for goods
that are in transit and not received by clients by period end. These costs are recorded in selling
 general and administrative
expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income.

Impairment of Fixed Assets and Long-Lived
Assets:
the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. Judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based on
legal factors
 market conditions and our operating performance. Future events could cause us to conclude that impairment indicators
exist and the carrying values of fixed and long-lived assets may be impaired. Any resulting impairment loss would be limited to
the value of net fixed and long-lived assets.

 The benefit of a tax
position is recognized in the consolidated financial statements in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management
believes it is more-likely-than-not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or
litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the
more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50% likely of being
realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken
that exceeds the amount measured as described above is reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon
examination.


that we did not have any material uncertain tax positions. Our policy is to recognize interest and penalties accrued on uncertain
tax positions as part of income tax expense. For the years ending December 31
 2018 and 2017
 no material estimated interest or
penalties were recognized for the uncertainty of certain tax positions. We file income tax returns in the United States
 and various
states and foreign jurisdictions. We are generally no longer subject to United States federal
 state
 and local income tax examinations
by tax authorities for the years before 2015.


temporary differences and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are
the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by
a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax
assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates
on the date of enactment.

 Medifast leases distribution
facilities and office space under operating leases. Many lease agreements contain tenant improvement allowances
 rent holidays
rent escalation clauses and contingent rent provisions. The Company recognizes incentives and minimum rental expenses on a straight-line
basis over the terms of the leases. We commence recording rent expense on the date of initial possession
 which is generally when
we enter the space and begin to make improvements to properties for our intended use. For tenant improvement allowances and rent
holidays
 we record a deferred rent liability on the consolidated balance sheets and amortize the deferred rent over the terms
of the leases as reductions to rent expense on the consolidated statements of income.


the lease terms or for rental payments commencing at a date other than the date of initial occupancy
 we record minimum rental
expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases on the consolidated statements of income. Several leases provide
for contingent rents
 which are determined as a percentage of gross sales in excess of specified levels. We record a contingent
rent liability on the consolidated balance sheets and the corresponding rent expense when we determine achieving specified levels
is probable.


    
    





VIA Coaches and clinically proven
 proprietary products. The Company&rsquo;s
product lines include weight loss
 weight management
 and healthy living meal replacements
 snacks
 hydration products
 and vitamins.
Our product sales accounted for 98% of our revenues in 2018 and 2017
 respectively.


and financial metrics to manage our business
VIA Coaches and average quarterly revenue
generated per 


 we announced our planned
expansion into the Asia Pacific markets of Hong Kong and Singapore in 2019.

VIA business unit accounted
for approximately 92.9%
 85.1% and 81.0% of our revenues in 2018
 2017 and 2016
 respectively. In 2017
 the Company began the process
VIA Coach community and
VIA
VIA business unit to the Company&rsquo;s
operating results and financial condition
 beginning in the first quarter of 2018
 the Company no longer reports separate financial
information for our business units.

CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - 2018
COMPARED TO 2017


statements of income for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 (in thousands
 except percentages):



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
501
003
301
563
199
440
    

    
121
104
73
751
(47
353
    

    
379
899
227
812
152
087
    

    
    
    
    
    


 general
 and administrative
310
836
188
180
(122
656
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
69
063
39
632
29
431
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 net
1
306
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
1
485
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
70
548
40
326
30
222
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
14
759
12
605
(2
154
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
55
789
27
721
28
068
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 general
 and administrative costs
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 Revenue increased $199.4 million
or 66.1%
 to $501.0 million in 2018 from $301.6 million in 2017. The increase in revenue was driven by an increase in the number
VIA
Coaches for the three months ended December 31
 2018 increased to 24
100 from 15
000 for corresponding period in 2017
 an increase
VIA Coach increased 26.2% to $5
756 for the three months ended December
31
 2018 from $4
562 for the three months ended December 31
 2017. This growth in revenue resulted from business initiatives accelerating
VIA Coach conversions
AVIA client acquisition rates and the transition of clients to higher
priced 

 Cost of sales increased
$47.3 million
 or 64.2%
 to $121.1 million in 2018 from $73.8 million in 2017. This increase in cost of sales was primarily driven
by an increase in product sales.

 In 2018
 gross profit
increased $152.1 million
 or 66.8%
 to $379.9 million from $227.8 million in 2017. As a percentage of sales
 gross profit increased
30 basis points to 75.8% for 2018 from 75.5% for 2017. The increase in gross profit as a percentage of sales was primarily driven
by higher production volumes yielding favorable manufacturing absorption as the Company increased inventory to meet expected consumer
demand. The Company anticipates this absorption benefit to be temporary as inventory levels normalize.


    
    


Selling
 General and Administrative:
Selling
 general and administrative (&ldquo;SG&amp;A&rdquo;) expenses were $310.8 million in 2018
 an increase of $122.6 million
or 65.2%
VIA commissions paid
VIA revenue increased as a portion of
the Company&rsquo;s total sales mix
 the commission rate as a percentage of revenue increased 400 basis points to 39.6% for 2018
VIA Integrated Coaching Model.
Remaining expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased to 22.4% compared to 26.8%. This improvement more than offset the impact
of increased commissions on our SGA as a percentage of revenue and is the result of leveraging our base expenses as our revenue
increased significantly year over year. SG&amp;A expenses included research and development costs of $2.2 million and $1.5 million
for 2018 and 2017
 respectively. As a percentage of sales
 SG&amp;A expenses were 62.0% for 2018 as compared to 62.4% for 2017.

VIA commission expense
 which is
VIA Coaches
 increased $91.1 million
 or 84.8%
 in 2018 as compared
VIA Coaches can earn compensation
under the Integrated Compensation Plan in two ways:


VIA Coaches are primarily compensated by earning commissions on products sold
VIA
Coaches are responsible for ordering and paying for products that are shipped directly from the Company to the client&rsquo;s home
VIA Coaches do not handle payments and are not required to purchase or store products in
order to receive a commission. In addition
VIA Coaches do not receive a commission on their own personal product orders.
VIA
Coaches on a weekly basis.


VIA Coaches are offered several bonus opportunities for acquiring clients
 sponsoring
VIA Coaches
VIA Coaches to further support and develop
other 

VIA Coaches do not earn a commission
VIA Coaches
for start-up materials are at the Company&rsquo;s approximate cost.

VIA Coach event and incentive program
VIA Coaches attended
VIA Coaches who qualified during 2018 for our 2019 International
Leadership Advancement Trip
 an event designed to recognize and provide training to rising leaders and those who mentor them.


$17.1 million during 2018 from 2017 primarily as a result of transition costs associated with the move of our distribution center
from Texas to our outsourced global provider in Nevada
 spending in preparation of our international launch in 2019
 as well as
consulting costs for information technology projects that include our new scalable ecommerce platform and enterprise resource planning
systems
 and increased credit card fees resulting from higher sales.

Income from
operations in 2018 increased $29.5 million to $69.1 million from $39.6 million in 2017 primarily as a result of increased gross
profits partially offset by increased SG&amp;A expenses.

Interest income
 net: 
interest income was $1.3 million and $0.6 million
 respectively.

In 2018 and 2017
 other
expense was $179 thousand and $136 thousand
 respectively.


Income from operations before income taxes was $70.5 million in 2018 as compared to $40.3 million in 2017
 an increase of $30.2
million. Pre-tax profit as a percentage of sales increased to 14.1% for 2018 from 13.4% for 2017.

For 2018
the Company recorded $14.8 million in income tax expense
 an effective rate of 20.9%
 as compared to $12.6 million in income tax
expense
 an effective rate of 31.3%
 for 2017. The decrease in the effective tax rate for 2018 as compared to 2017 was primarily
driven by a decrease in the Federal statutory rate of 14.0% pursuant to the TCJA. The total decrease in the effective tax rate
was partially offset by a 2.2% increase to our effective tax rate resulting from the elimination of the Domestic Manufacturer Deduction.
The Company anticipates a full year tax rate of 22.5% to 23.5% in 2019.

 Net income was $55.8 million
or $4.62 per diluted share
 in 2018 as compared to $27.7 million
 or $2.29 per diluted share
 in 2017. The period-over-period changes
were driven by the factors described above in the explanations from operations.


    
    


CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - 2017
COMPARED TO 2016


statements of income for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 (in thousands
 except percentages):



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
301
563
274
534
27
029
    

    
73
751
68
870
(4
881
    

    
227
812
205
664
22
148
    

    
    
    
    
    


 general
 and administrative
188
180
178
805
(9
375
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
39
632
26
859
12
773
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 net
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
40
326
27
122
13
204
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
12
605
9
287
(3
318
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
27
721
17
835
9
886
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 general
 and administrative costs
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 Revenue increased $27.1 million
or 9.8%
 to $301.6 million in 2017 from $274.5 million in 2016. The revenue to total advertising spend in 2017 was 39.1-to-1 as
VIA Coaches
VIA Coach
 as well as the price increase that became effective April 2016. The number of active
VIA Coaches for the three months ended December 31
 2017 increased to 15
000 from 12
500 for 2016
 an increase
VIA Coach increased 9.7% to $4
562 for the three months ended December 31
 2017
from $4
158 for the three months ended December 31
VIA Coach productivity was partially due to
an improving product mix and shift to our higher priced 

 Cost of sales increased
$4.9 million
 or 7.1%
 to $73.8 million in 2017 from $68.9 million in 2016. This increase in cost of sales was primarily driven
by an increase in sales.

 In 2017
 gross profit
increased $22.1 million
 or 10.8%
 to $227.8 million from $205.7 million in 2016. As a percentage of sales
 gross profit increased
60 basis points to 75.5% for 2017 from 74.9% for 2016. The gross profit percentage improvement for the year was primarily driven
by reduced shipping expenses and the price increase that became effective April 2016.

Selling
 General and Administrative:
SG&amp;A expenses were $188.2 million in 2017
 an increase of $9.4 million
 or 5.2%
 as compared to $178.8 million in 2016. This
VIA commissions
 salaries and related benefits partially offset by the
$6.1 million in impairment costs and $1.2 million in restructuring cost incurred in 2016. Excluding the impairment and restructuring
costs
 adjusted SG&amp;A expenses increased $16.6 million to $188.2 million in 2017 from $171.6 in 2016. SG&amp;A expenses included
research and development costs of $1.5 million and $2.0 million in 2017 and 2016
 respectively. As a percentage of sales
 SG&amp;A
expenses were 62.4% for 2017 as compared to 65.1% for 2016.

VIA commission expense
 which is
VIA Coaches
 increased $14.9 million
 or 16.1%
 in 2017 as compared
to 2016
 which correlates to the increase in revenue of 15.4% that 


 salaries and benefits increased $3.0
million as compared to 2016 primarily as a result of higher incentive costs
 share-based compensation expense
 and salaries and
related benefits offset by restructuring severance expense that was incurred during 2016.


million in 2017 as compared to 2016. This decrease was primarily driven by reduced advertising spend and research and development
studies partially offset by increased incentive programs for our 


    
    



$7.4 million in 2017 as compared to 2016. This decrease was primarily due to the impairment costs incurred during 2016 and lower
depreciation expense.

Income from
operations in 2017 increased $12.7 million to $39.6 million from $26.9 million in 2016 primarily as a result of increased revenue
and reduced SG&amp;A expenses resulting from the impairment costs and restructuring costs recorded in 2016. Adjusted income from
operations excluding the impairment costs and restructuring costs recorded in 2016 increased $5.5 million to $39.6 million in 2017
from $34.1 million in 2016.

Interest income
 net: 
interest income was $558 thousand and $283 thousand
 respectively.

In 2017 and
2016
 other income was $136 thousand and other expense was $20 thousand
 respectively.


Income from operations before income taxes was $40.3 million in 2017 as compared to $27.1 million in 2016
 an increase of $13.2
million. Pre-tax profit as a percentage of sales increased to 13.4% for 2017 from 9.9% for 2016.

In 2017
the Company recorded $12.6 million in income tax expense
 an effective rate of 31.3%
 as compared to $9.3 million in income tax
expense
 an effective rate of 34.2%
 in 2016. The decrease in the effective tax rate for 2017 as compared to 2016 was primarily
due to the 3.0% rate reduction related to the discrete change in accounting for taxes associated with share-based compensation
a 1.8% rate decrease of the state income tax and a 0.6% rate decrease attributable to reduction of the Federal rate from 35% to
21%. The total decrease in the effective tax rate for 2017 was offset by the decrease of the benefit from the Domestic Manufacturer
Deduction of 1.2% and research development and other items of 1.3%.

 Net income was $27.7 million
or $2.29 per diluted share
 in 2017 as compared to $17.8 million
 or $1.49 per diluted share
 in 2016. Excluding impairment and
restructuring costs
 adjusted net income was $22.6 million
 or $1.89 per diluted share in 2016. The period-over-period changes
were driven by the factors described above in the explanations from operations.




determined in accordance with GAAP
 the Company provides certain non-GAAP financial measures
 including adjusted SG&amp;A expense
adjusted income from operations
 adjusted income from continuing operations
 adjusted net income and adjusted diluted earnings
per share. For the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company&rsquo;s non-GAAP financial measures exclude the impairment of the
fixed asset incurred in the second quarter of 2016 and the restructuring charges incurred in the first quarter of 2016. Our management
believes these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful supplemental information to investors regarding the performance of our
business and are useful for period-over-period comparisons of the performance of our business. While we believe that these non-GAAP
financial measures are useful in evaluating our business
 this information should be considered as supplemental in nature and is
not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP.
In addition
 these non-GAAP financial measures may not be the same as similarly entitled measures reported by other companies.


    
    



financial measures included in this report (in thousands):



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 general
 and administrative
310
836
188
180
178
805

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
6
083

    
    
    
1
166


 general
 and administrative
310
836
188
180
171
556




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
69
063
39
632
26
859

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
6
083

    
    
    
1
166

    
69
063
39
632
34
108




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
55
789
27
721
17
835

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
000

    
    
    
    

    
55
789
27
721
22
602

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 The tax effected impact of
adjustments is calculated utilizing the effective tax rate for the year presented
 which may differ for quarterly and year-to-date
periods. The effective tax rate used was 34.2% for the year ended December 31
 2016.

 The weighted-average diluted
shares outstanding used in the calculation of these non-GAAP financial measures are the same as the weighted-average shares outstanding
used in the calculation of the reported per share amounts.


adjusted selling
 general
 and administrative expense was $171.6 million for the year ended December 31
 2016. Adjusted income
from operations was $34.1 million for the year ended December 31
 2016. Adjusted income from continuing operations for the year
ended December 31
 2016 was $22.6 million. Adjusted net income for the year ended December 31
 2016 was $22.6 million
 or $1.89
per share.




of $109.1 million and working capital of $85.2 million at December 31
 2018 compared with $108.6 million and $88.1 million at December
31
 2017. The $0.5 million net increase in stockholder&rsquo;s equity reflects $55.8 million in net income for 2018 offset by $30.0
million spent on repurchases of common stock
 and $26.2 million for declared dividends paid to our common stock holders as well
as the other equity transactions described in the &ldquo;Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity&rdquo;
included in our consolidated financial statements included in this report. The Company declared a dividend of $0.75 per share on
December 11
 2018
 to stockholders of record as of December 21
 2018 that was paid on February 7
 2019. While we intend to continue
the dividend program and believe we will have sufficient liquidity to do so
 we can provide no assurance we will be able to continue
the declaration and payment of dividends. The Company&rsquo;s cash
 cash equivalents and investment securities increased from $98.8
million at December 31
 2017 to $101.0 million at December 31
 2018.


activities increased $17.6 million to $60.8 million for 2018 from $43.2 million for 2017 primarily as a result of increased net
income partially offset by an increase in cash used for inventory.


$1.2 million for 2018 as compared to $3.2 million for 2017. This change resulted primarily from cash provided by net investment
securities for 2018. This was partially offset by an increase in cash used in capital expenditures for 2018 from 2017.


    
    



$35.9 million to $53.3 million for 2018 from $17.4 million for 2017. This increase was primarily due to stock repurchases and an
increase in cash dividends paid to stockholders.


 the Company
may require additional cash for operating and investing activities. The Company expects future cash requirements
 including its
expansion of its operations into the Asia Pacific Markets of Hong Kong and Singapore
 to be funded from operating cash flow and
financing activities.


to time as presented.

Contractual Obligations and Commercial
Commitments


obligations as of December 31
 2018 (in thousands):



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
1
496
3
090
2
377
2
582
9
545

    
6
504
3
132
    
    
10
075

    
8
000
6
222
2
816
2
582
19
620



The Company has operating leases in place for leased corporate offices
 our raw materials warehouse
and printers.

The Company has unconditional purchase obligations primarily for outsourced warehousing
 information
technology
 and inventory.




 inflation has not had a material
effect on the Company's business.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK


from adverse changes in market rates and prices
 such as interest rates and a decline in the stock market. The Company does not
enter into derivatives
 foreign exchange transactions or other financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes.


to changes in interest rates and market pricing impacting our investment portfolio. Its current investment policy is to maintain
an investment portfolio consisting of municipal bonds
 United States money market securities
 and high-grade corporate securities
directly or through managed funds. Its cash is deposited in and invested through highly rated financial institutions in North America.
Its marketable securities are subject to interest rate risk and market pricing risk and will fall in value if market interest rates
increase or if market pricing decreases. If market interest rates were to increase and market pricing were to decrease immediately
and uniformly by 10% from levels at December 31
 2018
 the Company estimates that the fair value of its investment portfolio would
decline by an immaterial amount and therefore it would not expect its operating results or cash flows to be affected to any significant
degree by the effect of a change in market conditions on our investments.

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA


forth on pages 32 to 50 hereto and incorporated by reference herein.

ITEM 9. CHANGES AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH
ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES


independent auditors
 regarding accounting and financial disclosures for the fiscal year ending December 31
 2018.






we carried out an evaluation
 under the supervision and with the participation of management
 including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer
 of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b)
as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation
 our management has concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures are effective as of December 31
 2018.


    
    


Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting


and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States. Internal control over financial reporting includes maintaining records that
in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions
 providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary for preparation of our financial statements
 providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of Company
assets are made in accordance with management authorization
 and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition
use or disposition of Company assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements would be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute
assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements would be prevented or detected.



Framework
our management concluded that the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31
 2018.


control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2018
 was audited by RSM US LLP
 our independent registered public accounting
firm
 as stated in their report appearing below.

Attestation Report of the Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm


over financial reporting as of&nbsp;December 31
 2018&nbsp;has been audited by RSM US LLP
 an independent registered public accounting
firm
 as stated in their report included on the following page of this Annual Report
 which is incorporated herein by reference.




reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the fourth quarter ended December
31
 2018 that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.




 including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 does not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal controls will prevent or detect
all errors and all fraud. A control system
 no matter how well designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
assurance that the control system&rsquo;s objectives will be met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact
that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent
limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances
of fraud
 if any
 within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making
can be faulty
 and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual
acts of some persons
 by collusion of two or more people
 or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of
controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
 and there can be no assurance that any
design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time
 controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with associated policies or procedures. Because of
the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system
 misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.






    
    


Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm


of

 Inc.

Opinion on the Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting
We have audited
Medifast Inc. and subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2018
 based on criteria
issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. In our opinion
 the Company maintained
 in all material respects
effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2018
Internal
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission in 2013.


 in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
 the consolidated balance sheets as of December
31
 2018 and 2017
 and the related consolidated statements of income
 comprehensive income
 stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31
 2018 and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements
of the Company and our report dated March 1
 2019 expressed an unqualified opinion.



for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control
over financial reporting in the accompanying &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting&rdquo;.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.


the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 and testing and evaluating the
design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other
procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting

reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in
reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition
 use or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


 internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.




    
    








 Maryland

 2019


    
    




ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


herein by reference from the Company&rsquo;s definitive proxy statement for the 2019 annual meeting of stockholders. &#9;




herein by reference from the Company&rsquo;s definitive proxy statement for the 2019 annual meeting of stockholders.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS


herein by reference from the Company&rsquo;s definitive proxy statement for the 2019 annual meeting of stockholders.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE


herein by reference from the Company&rsquo;s definitive proxy statement for the 2019 annual meeting of stockholders.

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND
SERVICES


herein by reference from the Company&rsquo;s definitive proxy statement for the 2019 annual meeting of stockholders.



ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULES


are filed as part of this Report





Statements on page 32 of this Report




 as all information
required in these schedules is included in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




to the Exhibit Index on page 51 of this Report for a list of exhibits required by Item 601 of Registration S-K to be filed as part
of this Report.






    
    





or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.

MEDIFAST
 INC



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
March 1
 2019

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
March 1
 2019



    
    



Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Company and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 1
 2019

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 1
 2019

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 1
 2019

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 1
 2019

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 1
 2019

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 1
 2019

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 1
 2019

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 1
 2019

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 1
 2019

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 1
 2019

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 1
 2019

    
    
    
    
    



    
    



 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    
    


REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM


of

 Inc.



balance sheets of Medifast
 Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the related consolidated
statements of income
 comprehensive income
 stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31
 2018
 and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively
 the financial statements). In
our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December
31
 2018 and 2017
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December
31
 2018
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

We have also
audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public&nbsp;Company Accounting Oversight Board (United&nbsp;States)&nbsp;(PCAOB)
the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2018
Internal
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission in 2013
 and our report dated March 1
 2019 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's
internal control over financial reporting.



of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements based
on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB.


the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.




    
    




2010.


 Maryland

 2019


    
    


MEDIFAST
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Years Ended December 31
 2018
 2017 and
2016
(In thousands
 except per share amounts
&amp; dividend data)



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
501
003
301
563
274
534

    
121
104
73
751
68
870

    
379
899
227
812
205
664

    
    
    
    


 general
 and administrative
310
836
188
180
178
805

    
    
    
    

    
69
063
39
632
26
859

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 net
1
306
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
1
485
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
70
548
40
326
27
122

    
    
    
    

    
14
759
12
605
9
287

    
    
    
    

    
55
789
27
721
17
835

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
11
947
11
924
11
842

    
12
079
12
088
11
947

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    


MEDIFAST
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME
Years Ended December 31
 2018
 2017 and
2016




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
55
789
27
721
17
835


 net of tax:
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
55
776
27
726
17
732



part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    



MEDIFAST
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

As of December 31
 2018 and 2017
(In thousands
 except per share amounts)



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
81
364
75
077

    
    
    


 2018 and 2017
 respectively.
1
011
    

    
38
888
19
328

    
19
670
23
757


 prepaid
    
2
272

    
4
586
4
188

    
145
519
125
198

    
    
    


 plant and equipment - net
19
747
18
611

    
1
183
2
120

    
2
980
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
169
429
145
929

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
60
323
37
140

    
60
323
37
140

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
60
323
37
348

    
    
    

    
    
    


 par value $.001 per share: 20
000 shares authorized; 12
117 and 12
103 issued and 11
868 and 11
971 outstanding at December 31
 2018 and December 31
 2017
 respectively
    
    

    
8
802
4
967

    
    
    

    
131
344
103
762


 193 shares at December 31
 2018
(30
879
    

    
109
106
108
581

    
    
    

    
169
429
145
929



of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    


EDIFAST
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Years Ended December 31
 2018
 2017 and
2016




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
55
789
27
721
17
835

    
    
    
    

    
4
435
4
209
5
405

    
3
124
4
267
3
428


 plant and equipment
    
    
    


 net
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(2
687
    
(2
829

    
    
    
6
083

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(18
658
(1
017
(4
976


 prepaid
2
272
(1
023
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
(1
958
    

    
16
017
10
653
    

    
60
816
43
237
25
990

    
    
    
    

    
60
816
43
237
25
350

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
3
545
6
954
26
741

    
    
(6
956
(26
578

    
    
    
    

    
(4
940
(3
242
(2
876

    
(1
199
(3
163
(2
037

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
(2
540
(1
342

    
    
    
    

    
(23
160
(15
390
(11
889

    
(29
995
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(53
328
(17
362
(12
921

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
6
287
22
641
10
399

    
75
077
52
436
42
037

    
81
364
75
077
52
436

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
14
606
13
622
11
615

    
9
137
6
105
4
039



of these consolidated financial statements.

    
    



MEDIFAST
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Years Ended December 31
 2018
 2017 and
2016
(In thousands
 except par value)



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2015
12
014
    
    
    
88
634
    
88
584

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
17
835
    
17
835

    
    
    
3
428
    
    
    
3
428

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
285
    
    
    
(1
342

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
(12
915
    
(12
915

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2016
12
027
    
2
672
    
93
497
    
96
016

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
27
721
    
27
721

    
    
    
4
267
    
    
    
4
267

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(2
540
    
    
    
(2
540

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
(17
456
    
(17
456

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2017
 as reported
12
103
    
4
967
    
103
762
    
108
581

    
    
    
    
    
(2
018
    
(2
018


 2018
 as adjusted
12
103
    
4
967
    
101
744
    
106
563

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
55
789
    
55
789

    
    
    
3
124
    
    
    
3
124

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
(29
995
(29
995

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
(26
189
    
(26
189

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2018
12
117
    
8
802
    
131
344
(30
879
109
106



of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    


MEDIFAST
 INC. and SUBSIDIARIES

For the Years Ended December 31
 2018
2017
 and 2016




 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;
or &ldquo;Medifast&rdquo;) is a Delaware corporation
 incorporated in 1989. The Company&rsquo;s operations are primarily conducted
through its wholly owned subsidiaries
 Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
VIA
 LLC
 Jason Enterprises
 Inc.
 Jason Properties
LLC
 Medifast Franchise Systems
 Inc.
 Medifast Nutrition
 Inc.
 Seven Crondall Associates
 LLC
 Corporate Events
 Inc.
VIA
VIA (Singapore) PTE. LTD. The Company is a leading manufacturer and distributor of clinically
proven healthy living products and programs. The Company&rsquo;s product lines include weight loss
 weight management and healthy
living meal replacements
 snacks
 hydration products
 and vitamins. The Company has one modern
 United States Food and Drug Administration
(the &ldquo;FDA&rdquo;)-approved manufacturing facility located in Owings Mills
 Maryland.


including the internet
 call center
 independent health advisors
 franchise weight loss clinics
 and direct consumer marketing
supported via the phone and internet. The processing
 formulation
 packaging
 labeling and advertising of the Company&rsquo;s products
are subject to regulation by one or more federal agencies
 including the FDA
 the Federal Trade Commission (the &ldquo;FTC&rdquo;)
the Consumer Product Safety Commission
 the United States Department of Agriculture
 and the United States Environmental Protection
Agency.



- The consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries
 Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
VIA
LLC
 Jason Enterprises
 Inc.
 Jason Properties
 LLC
 Medifast Franchise Systems
 Inc.
 Medifast Nutrition
 Inc.
 Seven Crondall
Associates
 LLC
 Corporate Events
 Inc.
VIA (Singapore) PTE. LTD. All inter-Company
transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. The Company&rsquo;s fiscal year ends on December 31.

 &ndash; Certain amounts
reported for prior periods have been reclassified to be consistent with the current period presentation. No reclassification in
the consolidated financial statements had a material impact on the presentation.

 &ndash; The preparation
of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the financial statements and reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual
results could differ materially from those estimates.

 - Cash and
cash equivalents consist of cash on deposit in financial institutions
 institutional money funds and other short-term investments
with a maturity of 90 days or less at the time of purchase.

 &ndash;
Our cash and cash equivalents and available-for-sale securities are maintained at several financial institutions
 and the balances
with these financial institutions often exceed the amount of insurance provided on such accounts by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation. The cash and cash equivalents generally are maintained with financial institutions with reputable credit
 and therefore
bear minimal credit risk. Historically
 we have not experienced any losses due to such concentration of credit risk.

Our
financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents
 investment in available-for-sale securities
 and trade receivables. The
carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents
 and trade receivables approximate fair value due to their short maturities. The
fair values of investment in available-for-sale securities are based on dealer quotes.

Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful
Accounts - 


primarily on an analysis of aged accounts receivable balances and the credit worthiness of our clients as determined by credit
checks and analysis
 as well as customer payment history. The allowance for doubtful accounts as of December 31
 2018 and 2017
was $394 thousand and $40 thousand
 respectively.

Inventories consist principally
of packaged meal replacements held in the Company&rsquo;s warehouses. Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable
value
 utilizing the first-in
 first-out method. The cost of finished goods includes the cost of raw materials
 packaging supplies
direct and indirect labor and other indirect manufacturing costs. On a quarterly basis
 management reviews inventory for unsalable
or obsolete inventory.

The Company&rsquo;s
investments consist of debt securities classified as available-for-sale securities. Available-for-sale debt securities are stated
at fair value
 and unrealized holding gains and losses
 net of the related deferred tax effect
 are reported as a separate component
of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in stockholders' equity. Interest and dividends on marketable debt and equity
securities are recognized in income when declared. Realized gains and losses
 including losses from declines in value of specific
securities determined by management to be other-than-temporary
 if any
 are included in income.


    
    


Property
 Plant
 and Equipment - 
plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. The Company computes depreciation and amortization
using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets acquired as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



is the lesser of the estimated useful life of the addition or the term of the related lease.

Long-lived
assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may
not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset
to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its
estimated future cash flows
 an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds
the fair value of the asset.

Our revenue is
derived primarily from point of sale transactions executed over an e-commerce platform for weight loss
 weight management
 and
other consumable health and nutritional products. Revenue is recognized upon receipt by customer and net of discounts
 rebates
promotional adjustments
 price adjustments
 allocated consideration to loyalty programs and estimated returns.


promised products are transferred to our clients
 in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange
for transferring those products. When determining whether the customer has obtained control the products
 we consider any future
performance obligations.


contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer
. A contract&rsquo;s
transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue when
 or as
 the performance obligation
is satisfied. Our contracts have performance obligations to fulfill and deliver products from the point of sale transaction along
with the related customer reward programs.


at a point in time. Revenue from products transferred to clients at a point in time accounted for substantially all of our revenue
for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017. Revenue on these contracts is recognized when obligations under the terms of the
contract with our customer are satisfied. Generally
 this occurs with the transfer of control upon receipt of products by our clients.
Any consideration received prior to the fulfillment of the Company performance obligation is deferred and recognized as a liability.




within 30 days of purchase and upon our authorization. We adjust revenues for the products expected to be returned and a liability
is recognized for expected refunds to clients. We estimate expected returns based on historical levels and project this experience
into the future.




to purchase additional products priced at a discount. Options to acquire additional products at a discount can come in many forms
such as customer reward programs and incentive offerings including pricing arrangements
 and promotions.


customer reward programs and incentive offerings including pricing arrangements
 promotions
 incentives that represent variable
consideration and separate performance obligations. The Company accounts for sales rewards as a separate performance obligation
of the transactions
 and therefore allocates consideration between the initial sale of products and the customer reward program
and incentive offering.




handling activities are treated as a promised service performance obligation and recorded in revenue in the accompanying Consolidated
Statements of Income upon fulfillment of the performance obligation. Shipping and handling costs incurred by the Company for the
delivery of products to clients are considered a cost to fulfill the contract and are included in cost of sales in the accompanying
Consolidated Statements of Income.




fees during the period in which the corresponding revenue is earned. These costs are deferred along with the revenues for goods
that are in transit and not received by clients by period end. These costs are recorded in selling
 general and administrative
expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income.

Disaggregated revenue and entity-wide revenue
disclosures


 amount
 timing
 and uncertainty
of revenue and cash flows from our revenues amongst contracts
 product offerings and clients do not differentiate and are recognized
consistently based on policies discussed above. In addition
 effective January 1
 2018
 we changed how we internally and externally
report our revenues to simplify and align with changes in how we manage our business
 review operating performance and allocate
VIA business and the significance this business represents to the
overall results of the Company. We considered the following factors in making this decision: the nature of business activities
overlapping amongst previous defined sales channels
 the management structure directly accountable to our chief operating decision
maker for operating and administrative activities
 and information presented to the Board of Directors and investors. We previously
VIA
 Medifast Direct
 Franchise Medifast Weight Control Centers
and Medifast Wholesale. Due to the interchangeable nature of these clients amongst sale channels
VIA
and realignment of internal operations as discussed
 our disclosures as of January 1
 2018 will not include revenues by sales channel.


    
    


 Medifast leases
retail stores
 distribution facilities
 and office space under operating leases. Many of our lease agreements contain tenant improvement
allowances
 rent holidays
 rent escalation clauses
 and contingent rent provisions. The Company recognizes incentives and minimum
rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases. We commence recording rent expense on the date of initial
possession
 which is generally when we enter the space and begin to make improvements to properties for our intended use. For tenant
improvement allowances and rent holidays
 we record a deferred rent liability on the consolidated balance sheets and amortize the
deferred rent over the terms of the leases as reductions to rent expense on the consolidated statements of income.


the lease terms or for rental payments commencing at a date other than the date of initial occupancy
 we record minimum rental
expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases on the consolidated statements of income. Several leases provide
for contingent rents
 which are determined as a percentage of gross sales in excess of specified levels. We record a contingent
rent liability on the consolidated balance sheets and the corresponding rent expense when we determine achieving the specified
levels is probable.

Advertising costs
are expensed as incurred
 except for the preparation
 layout
 design and production of advertising costs which are expensed when
the advertisement is first used. Advertising expense for continuing operations
 excluding broker fees
 for the years ended December
31
 2018
 2017
 and 2016
 amounted to $6.0 million
 $7.7 million
 and $9.4 million
 respectively.

The Company
incurs research and development costs in connection with the development of new products and programs
 which are expensed as incurred.
The Company incurred $2.2 million
 $1.5 million
 and $2.0 million in research and development expense for the years ended December
31
 2018
 2017
 and 2016
 respectively.

Share-based
compensation consists primarily of restricted stock awards
 market- and performance-based share awards
 and stock options granted
to employees and directors. Restricted stock awards are measured at the grant date
 based on the calculated fair value of the award
and are recognized as an expense over the requisite service period. The fair value of the incentive stock options and non-qualified
stock options is calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model as of the grant date and recognized over the service period.
Market and performance-based share awards that are tied to the Company&rsquo;s total shareholder return and stock price are valued
using the Monte Carlo method and are recognized as expense over the award&rsquo;s achievement period. The Company issues new shares
upon the exercise of stock options and the granting of restricted stock awards.

The benefit of
a tax position is recognized in the consolidated financial statements in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
management believes it is more-likely-than-not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of
appeals or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that
meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50% likely
of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions
taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above is reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon
examination.


that we did not have any material uncertain tax positions. Our policy is to recognize interest and penalties accrued on uncertain
tax positions as part of income tax expense. For the years ending December 31
 2018 and 2017
 no material estimated interest or
penalties were recognized for the uncertainty of certain tax positions. We file income tax returns in the United States
 and various
states and foreign jurisdictions. We are generally no longer subject to United States federal
 state
 and local income tax examinations
by tax authorities for the years before 2015.


temporary differences and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are
the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by
a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax
assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates
on the date of enactment.

Basic earnings
per share computations are calculated utilizing the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the periods
presented. Diluted EPS is calculated utilizing the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding adjusted for the
effect of dilutive common stock equivalents.

Other comprehensive
income refers to revenues
 expenses
 gains and losses that are not included in net income but rather are recorded directly in stockholders&rsquo;
equity. Comprehensive income consists of net income
 unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities
 and foreign
currency translation adjustments.

Accounting Pronouncements - Adopted in
2018 


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
. The new revenue recognition standard requires the Company to recognize
revenue for the transfer of goods or services to clients for the amount the Company expects to be entitled to receive in exchange
for those goods or services. The Company is required to identify the contract
 identify the relevant performance obligations
 determine
the transaction price
 allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract
 and recognize the revenue
when the entity satisfies a performance obligation. Companies have the option of using either a full retrospective or a modified
retrospective approach to adopt the guidance. On January 1
 2018
 the Company adopted the new revenue standard on a modified retrospective
basis and recorded an after-tax transition adjustment to reduce retained earnings as of January 1
 2018 by $2.0 million. This is
comprised of $5.6 million of revenue offset by $3.6 million of inventory costs
 deferred shipping expense
 credit card fees and
 primarily impact the Company&rsquo;s timing of revenue recognition for product shipments
as product revenue is recognized upon customer receipt instead of at the time of shipment. The new standard requires more extensive
revenue-related disclosures.


    
    



 the impact
of the adoption of the new revenue standard on our Consolidated Statements of Income and Consolidated Balance Sheets was as follows
(in thousands):



    

 2018

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
501
003
499
195
1
808

    
121
104
120
590
    

    
379
899
378
605
1
294

    
    
    
    


 general
 and administrative
310
836
309
851
    

    
    
    
    

    
69
063
68
754
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 net
1
306
1
306
    

    
    
    
    

    
1
485
1
485
    

    
    
    
    

    
70
548
70
239
    

    
    
    
    

    
14
759
14
696
    

    
    
    
    

    
55
789
55
543
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
11
947
11
947
    

    
12
079
12
079
    



    
    




    

 2018

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 net
1
011
    
    

    
38
888
38
421
    

    
4
586
4
509
    

    
2
980
2
498
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
60
323
56
595
3
728

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
131
344
133
116
(1
772




    

 
    

 

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 net
    
    
1
133

    
19
328
    
20
230

    
4
188
    
4
304

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
37
140
4
137
41
277

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
103
762
(2
018
101
744



 the FASB issued ASU 2016-01
.
The main objective of this update is to enhance the reporting model for financial instruments to provide users of financial statements
with more decision-useful information. The new guidance addresses certain aspects of recognition
 measurement
 presentation
 and
disclosure of financial instruments. Most notably ASU 2016-01 requires the change in fair value of available for sale equity securities
to be recognized in net income. The pronouncement also requires the use of the exit price notion
 the separate presentation of
financial assets and liabilities by measurement category and form of asset
 and the separate presentation in other comprehensive
income of changes in fair value resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk. The pronouncement is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company adopted this
standard and it had no material impact of the Company&rsquo;s financial statements.

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
&ndash; Pending Adoption


and have concluded that there are no new pronouncements that may have a material impact on our results of operations
 financial
condition
 or cash flows
 based on current information
 except for:


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02

 which
 among other things
 requires an entity to recognize a right-of-use asset and a
lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases
 including operating leases
 with a term greater than twelve months. Expanded
disclosures with additional qualitative and quantitative information will also be required. ASU 2016-02 and its amendments are
effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018 and early adoption is permitted. In July 2018
the FASB issued amendments in ASU 2018-11
 which provide a transition election to not restate comparative periods for the effects
of applying the new standard. This transition election permits entities to change the date of initial application to the beginning
of the year of adoption and to recognize the effects of applying the new standard as a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening
balance of retained earnings. The Company has elected this transition approach and will recognize the cumulative impact of adoption
in the opening balance of retained earnings as of January 1
 2019. The Company is essentially complete with it evaluation of the
new standard and prepare to implement the new standard in the first quarter condensed consolidated financial statements of 2019.
Upon adoption
 we expect to record right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities between $10.8 million and $12.2 million
in our Consolidated Balance Sheets.


    
    





meal replacements held in the Company&rsquo;s warehouses. Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value
 utilizing
the first-in
 first-out method. The cost of finished goods includes the cost of raw materials
 packaging supplies
 direct and indirect
labor and other indirect manufacturing costs. On a quarterly basis
 management reviews inventory for unsalable or obsolete inventory.


thousands):



    

 2018

 2017

    
    
    

    
11
156
4
348

    
1
563
1
185

    
2
391
    

    
25
509
13
407

    
(1
731
    

    
38
888
19
328


4. PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 


 plant
 and equipment consisted
of the following (in thousands):



    

 2018

 2017

    
    
    

    
12
881
13
042

    
12
187
13
099

    
28
683
25
214

    
    
    


 plant and equipment- gross
54
461
52
069

    
34
714
33
458


 plant and equipment- net
19
747
18
611



for the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017 and 2016 was $3.6 million
 $4.2 million
 and $5.4 million
 respectively.

5. ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED EXPENSES



of the following (in thousands):



    

 2018

 2017

    
21
814
13
797

    
10
626
6
584

    
9
137
6
105

    
8
309
7
707

    
5
546
    

    
3
817
1
934

    
1
074
    

    
60
323
37
140



    
    





computations are calculated utilizing the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the periods presented.
Diluted EPS is calculated utilizing the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding adjusted for the effect of
dilutive common stock equivalents.


of basic and diluted EPS for the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017 and 2016 (in thousands
 except per share data):



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
55
789
27
721
17
835

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
11
947
11
924
11
842

    
    
    
    

    
12
079
12
088
11
947

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



excluded 298; 3
125 and 35
000 antidilutive options outstanding for the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017
 and 2016 respectively.
The calculation of diluted earnings per share for the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017 and 2016 also excluded 258
 0 and 93
antidilutive restricted stock awards
 respectively.






 2017
 the stockholders of the
Company approved the Medifast
 Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Share Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;Amended and Restated 2012 Plan&rdquo;)
that increased the number of shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
 par value $.001 per share
 that may be awarded under the
Amended and Restated 2012 Plan by 600
000
 to an aggregate of 1
600
000.




 2018
 the Company established
a stock repurchase plan under Rule 10b-18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Stock Repurchase Plan&rdquo;).
The Stock Repurchase Plan permits the Company to repurchase up to 850
000 shares of its common stock until May 30
 2019
 unless
the plan is terminated earlier in accordance with its terms. There is no guarantee as to the exact number of shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock
 if any
 that will be repurchased under the Stock Repurchase Plan. During the year ending December 31
 2018
 182
750
shares have been repurchased by the Company under the Stock Repurchase Plan.






stock options to employees and nonemployee directors. The fair value of these options are estimated on the date of grant using
the Black-Scholes option pricing model
 which requires estimates of the expected term of the option
 the risk-free interest rate
the expected volatility of the price of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
 and dividend yield. Options outstanding as of December
31
 2018 generally vest over a period of three years and expire ten years from the date of grant. The exercise price of these options
ranges from $26.52 to $157.30. Due to the Company&rsquo;s lack of option exercise history
 the expected term is calculated using
the simplified method defined as the midpoint between the vesting period and the contractual term of each option. The risk free
interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect on the date of grant that most closely corresponds to the expected
term of the option. The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company&rsquo;s common stock over the
period of time equivalent to the expected term for each award. The dividend yield is computed as the annualized dividend rate at
the grant divided by the strike price of the stock option. The weighted average input assumptions used for the years ended December
31
 2018
 2017 and 2016 were as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



    
    


exercise prices as of December 31
 2018 and 2017 are as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



 2018
 the weighted-average
remaining contractual life was 7.99 years with an aggregate intrinsic value of $8.1 million for outstanding stock options and the
weighted-average remaining contractual life was 6.53 years with an aggregate intrinsic value of $3.3 million for exercisable options.
The weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted during the year ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 were $18.08 and
$13.73
 respectively. The unrecognized compensation expense calculated under the fair value method for shares expected to vest
as of December 31
 2018 was $0.8 million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 3.31 years. The Company
received $547 thousand and $568 thousand in cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options during the years ended December 31
2018 and 2017
 respectively. Upon exercising of options
 the Company withheld shares for employee taxes of 6 thousand and 44 thousand
for years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended
December 31
 2018 and 2017 was $4.1 million and $0.6 million
 respectively.




employees and nonemployee directors generally with vesting terms up to five years after the date of grant. The fair value is equal
to the market price of the Company&rsquo;s common stock on the date of grant. Expense for restricted stock is amortized ratably
over the vesting period. A summary of outstanding restricted stock and award activity as of December 31
 2018 and 2017 are as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



vested during the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017
 and 2016 were $8.6 million
 $6.8 million
 and $3.5 million
 respectively.


against income during the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017
 and 2016 was $3.1 million
 $4.3 million
 and $3.4 million
 respectively.
The total costs of the options and restricted stock awards charged against income was $2.2 million
 $3.4 million
 and $2.4 million
during the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017 and 2016
 respectively. Also included in the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
was $0.3 million for 63
300 thousand market and performance-based contingent shares for certain key executives
 respectively and
in the year ended December 31
 2016 was $0.8 million for performance-based shares for certain key executives.


2018
 2017 and 2016 was $0.6 million
 $0.6 million and $0.2 million in expense for 210
000 market and performance-based contingent
shares granted to our CEO that will vest based on the achievement of certain Company performance targets. The grant date fair value
of the market and performance awards based on the Monte Carlo Method are $0.9 million and $2.0 million for the years ended December
31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 which will be recognized evenly through December 2019.


    
    



the consolidated statements of income for restricted stock awards was $2.5 million
 $2.1 million and $1.2 million for the years
ended December 31
 2018
 2017
 and 2016
 respectively. The excess tax benefits from share-based compensation recognized in additional
paid-in capital for the years ended December 31
 2016 was $230 thousand
 respectively.


compensation cost related to restricted stock awards as of December 31
 2018
 which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average
period of 1.84 years. There was $0.9 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to the 273
300 market and performance award
shares discussed above as of December 31
 2018
 which is expected to be recognized over one year.




of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax where applicable (in thousands):



    

 2018

 2017

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





accounted for at fair value
 which is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability
in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The following fair value hierarchy prioritizes the
inputs used to measure fair value:


in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. Active markets are those in which transactions
for the asset or liability occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.


quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1
 which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date.
Level 2 includes those financial instruments that are valued using models or other valuation methodologies.


inputs that are generally less observable from objective sources. These inputs may be used with internally developed methodologies
that result in management&rsquo;s best estimate of fair value from the perspective of a market participant.


cash and financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis for each of the hierarchy levels (in thousands):



    

 2018

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
35
436
    
    
35
436
35
436
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
40
000
    
    
40
000
40
000
    

    
5
928
    
    
5
928
5
928
    

    
2
835
    
    
2
763
    
2
763

    
48
763
    
    
48
691
45
928
2
763

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
16
791
    
    
16
907
    
16
907

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
100
990
    
    
101
034
81
364
19
670



    
    




    

 2017

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
28
630
    
    
28
630
28
630
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
45
000
    
    
45
000
45
000
    

    
1
447
    
    
1
447
1
447
    

    
5
342
    
    
5
288
    
5
288

    
51
789
    
    
51
735
46
447
5
288

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
18
404
    
    
18
469
    
18
469

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
98
823
    
    
98
834
75
077
23
757



and $82 thousand for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively
 and gains of $118 thousand for the year ended December
31
 2016. As of December 31
 2018
 2017
 and 2016
 gross unrealized losses and gains related to individual securities that had
been in a continuous loss position for 12 months or longer were not significant. The maturities of the Company&rsquo;s investment
securities generally range up to 5 years for municipal bonds and for government and agency securities.




 the Company
VIA
business unit. The decision to abandon the software
 which was determined in the final stages of the quarterly close process
 was
the result of an in depth analysis of proven alternatives available today in the market which are a better fit for our business
going forward and the cost of these alternatives when compared to the ongoing development and maintenance of the abandoned software.
The impairment charge was recorded for the full value of the asset and has been included as part of selling
 general
 and administrative
expense on the consolidated statements of income.




31
 2018
 2017
 and 2016 consisted of the following (in thousands):



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
16
398
12
448
11
605

    
1
048
    
    

    
17
446
13
228
12
116

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(2
393
    
(3
078

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(2
687
    
(2
829

    
    
    
    

    
14
759
12
605
9
287



    
    



years ended December 31
 2018
 2017
 and 2016 was $14.8 million
 $12.7 million
 and $9.0 million
 respectively. Those amounts have
been allocated to the following financial statement items:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
14
759
12
605
9
287


 unrealized (gains) losses on investment securities
    &amp; foreign currency
    
    
    


 share-based compensation tax benefit
    
    
    

    
14
802
12
657
8
983



deferred tax assets (liabilities) consisted of the following: (in thousands):



    

 2018

 2017

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
473
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
4
953
2
624

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(1
199
(2
165

    
(1
973
(2
832

    
    
    

    
2
980
    



statutory tax provision to the Company's provision for income taxes for the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017
 and 2016 (in thousands
except percentages):



    
    
    
    

    
14
815
    
14
114
    
9
493
    


 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
(1
852
    
(1
191
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
14
759
    
12
605
    
9
287
    



 2017
 the President of the
United States signed into law the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the &ldquo;Act&rdquo;). The Act amends the Internal Revenue Code to reduce
tax rates and modify policies
 credits
 and deductions for individuals and businesses. For businesses
 the Act reduces the corporate
federal tax rate from a maximum of 35% to a flat 21% rate. The rate reduction took effect on January 1
 2018. As a result of the
reduction in the corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% under the Act
 the Company revalued its net deferred tax liability resulting
in a reduction of approximately $426 thousand
 which had been recorded as a reduction of income tax expense in the Company&rsquo;s
consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31
 2017. The impact to the Company&rsquo;s earnings per common share
was an increase of approximately $0.04 per share. The Company&rsquo;s revaluation of its deferred tax liability is subject to further
clarification of the Act.


 the 2018 and 2017 effective tax
rate was impacted by the excess tax benefit from share-based compensation activity which is reflected as a reduction of the provision
for income taxes
 where as they were previously recognized in equity. In 2017
 the effective tax rate was not impacted by the Company&rsquo;s
research &amp; development credits. However
 the 2018 effective tax rate was impacted by the Company&rsquo;s research &amp; development
credits.


 the effective tax rate was impacted
by the Company&rsquo;s extensive state income tax planning.&nbsp; This planning includes taking advantage of Maryland&rsquo;s apportionment
methodology.&nbsp; As a manufacturing entity based in Maryland
 the Company utilizes the single sales factor apportionment method
in addition to claiming new state jobs credits and research &amp; development credits.&nbsp; The Company has separate state net
operating loss carry forwards totaling $21.4 million that start expiring in 2029.&nbsp;


    
    







 2018
 the Company leases
office space for its corporate offices and a raw materials warehouse in Maryland with approximately 3 and 7 years remaining
 respectively.


required under non-cancelable original lease terms in excess of one year as of December 31
 2018 (in thousands):



    
1
496

    
1
528

    
1
562

    
1
222

    
1
155

    
2
582

    
9
545



building rent expense for the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017 and 2016 (in thousands):



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
1
918
1
842
1
276



December 31
 2018
 2017
 and 2016 was $0.1 million
 $0.2 million
 and $0.7 million
 respectively.




 2018
 the Company had $10.1
million in unconditional purchase obligations primarily for outsourced warehousing
 information technology
 and inventory.





    
    


 except per share amounts)
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
98
596
117
324
139
239
145
844

    
74
808
88
799
107
201
109
091

    
14
931
17
619
17
828
20
170

    
12
222
14
133
13
781
15
653

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
70
622
75
729
77
205
78
007

    
52
892
57
611
58
183
59
126

    
8
711
11
448
10
371
9
796

    
6
145
7
584
6
686
7
306

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



to as &ldquo;EPS&rdquo;) is computed independently for each of the quarters presented; accordingly
 the sum of the quarterly earnings
per share may not equal the total computed for the year.


    
    






    
    

    
    

    
Restated and Amended Certificate of Incorporation of Medifast
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-31573) filed February 27
 2015).

    
    

    
Amended and Restated Bylaws of Medifast
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-31573) filed on April 6
 2015).

    
    

    
Amended and Restated 2012 Share Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-31573) filed on May 10
 2017).*

    
    

    
Form of Restricted Share Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-31573) filed on March 15
 2016).*

    
    

    
Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-31573) filed on February 4
 2014).*

    
    

    
Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-31573) filed on March 15
 2016).*

    
    

    
Form of Performance-Based Deferred Share Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-31573) filed on March 15
 2016).*

    
    

    
Cooperation Agreement dated April 3
 2015
 by and among the Company
 Engaged Capital LLC
 and the persons set forth on the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-31573) filed on April 6
 2015.

    
    

    
Medifast
 Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Share Incentive Plan Grant Notice Performance Share Unit

    
    

    
Medifast
 Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Share Incentive Plan Grant Notice Employee Deferred Shares

    
    

    
Medifast
 Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Share Incentive Plan Grant Notice Nonemployee Director Deferred Shares

    
    

    
Medifast
 Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Share Incentive Plan Grant Notice Nonemployee Director Deferred Share Cash Equivalent

    
    

    
Subsidiaries of Medifast
 Inc. (filed herewith).

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith).

    
    

    
Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith).

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
The following financial statements from Medifast
 Inc.&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2018
 filed March 1
 2019
 formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Statements of Income
 (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
 (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets
 (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
 (v) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity and (vi) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (filed herewith).



plan.


    














     





Form of Medifast
 Inc. Amended
and Restated 2012 Share Incentive Plan Grant Notice Performance Share Unit

Medifast
Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Share Incentive Plan

GRANT NOTICE PERFORMANCE SHARE UNITS



 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
hereby grants to the Participant named below performance-based Deferred Shares (&ldquo;Performance Share Units&rdquo; or &ldquo;PSUs&rdquo;)
pursuant to the Medifast
 Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Share Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;Plan&rdquo;) in the number specified
below (the &ldquo;Target Award Opportunity&rdquo;) covering the three-year Performance Period specified below and subject to the
achievement of Performance Goals
 which relate to the Performance Measures specified below. Each PSU relates to and corresponds
in value to a single share of Company common stock (&ldquo;Share&rdquo;) and represents the right to receive one Share for each
vested PSU.


and conditions as set forth in this Grant Notice
 the Performance Share Units Award Agreement (the &ldquo;Award Agreement&rdquo;)
and the Plan
 all of which are attached hereto and incorporated herein in their entirety. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined
herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan or the Award Agreement.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




The undersigned Participant acknowledges receipt of
 and understands and agrees to the terms set forth in this Grant Notice
 the
by accepting this Grant Notice and attached Award Agreement electronically
 you agree to the
terms and conditions in the Grant Notice
 Award Agreement and Plan).


of the Grant Date
 this Grant Notice
 the Award Agreement
 the Plan
 and any employment or change in control agreement between
you and the Company set forth the entire understanding between Participant and the Company regarding the acquisition of Shares
in accordance with this Grant Notice
 the Award Agreement and the Plan and supersede all prior oral and written Award Agreements
on that subject.


    
    


Medifast
Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Share Incentive Plan

PERFORMANCE
SHARE UNITS AWARD AGREEMENT


Grant Notice (&ldquo;Grant Notice&rdquo;) and this Award Agreement
 Medifast
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) has granted to you
performance-based Deferred Shares (&ldquo;Performance Share Units&rdquo;
 &ldquo;PSUs&rdquo; or &ldquo;Award&rdquo;) under the
Plan covering the number of PSUs indicated in your Grant Notice
 which vest in accordance with the Vesting Schedule indicated in
your Grant Notice and this Award Agreement.


herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan or your Grant Notice.


are as follows:


 You must be continuously employed by
the Company or any of its subsidiaries from the Grant Date through and up to the last day of the Performance Period specified in
your Grant Notice to be eligible for a payment or distribution of your PSUs that vest and become nonforfeitable in accordance with
Section 2 of this Award Agreement. If you incur a Termination of Service prior the last day of the Performance Period
 you will
forfeit any nonvested PSUs that you then hold and you shall not be entitled to any distribution or payout with respect to such
forfeited PSUs
 except as otherwise provided in Section 3 of this Award Agreement.


 Subject to the requirements of Section 1 of this Agreement
at the conclusion of the Performance Period the Committee shall determine whether and to what extent you have become vested in
your Award in accordance with Appendix A to this Agreement.


The treatment of any nonvested PSUs
that you hold upon or after a Change in Control will be determined under Section 8 of the Plan.


Within thirty (30) days of a Vesting Date
 the Company
will issue and deliver to you (at the Company&rsquo;s sole discretion) the number of shares of Stock equal to the number of your
PSUs that vested on such Vesting Date
 subject to satisfaction of applicable tax and/or other obligations as described in Section
9 of this Award Agreement.


 In the event that the Company declares and pays a dividend in respect
of its outstanding Shares and
 on the record date for such dividend
 you hold PSUs granted pursuant to this Award Agreement that
have not been settled
 the Company shall credit to an account maintained by the Company for your benefit an amount equal to the
cash dividends you would have received if you were the holder of record
 as of such record date
 of the number of Shares related
to the portion of the PSUs that have not been settled or forfeited as of such record date (the &ldquo;Dividend Equivalent&rdquo;
or &ldquo;DER&rdquo;). Such account is intended to constitute an &ldquo;unfunded&rdquo; account
 and neither this Section 5 nor
any action taken pursuant to or in accordance with this Section 5 shall be construed to create a trust of any kind. Amounts credited
to such account with respect to PSUs that vest in accordance with Sections 2 or 3 of this Award Agreement will become vested DERs
and will be paid to you in cash
 Shares
 or a combination thereof
 as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion
 at the
same time as your vested PSUs are settled. You shall not be entitled to receive any interest with respect to the timing of payment
of DERs. In the event all or any portion of the PSUs granted to you pursuant to this Award Agreement fail to become vested under
Sections 2 or 3 of this Award Agreement
 the unvested DERs accumulated in your account with respect to such PSUs shall be forfeited.


    
    



 The Company shall deliver Shares in settlement of your vested PSUs to you
in accordance with this Section 6; provided
 however
 the Company shall not be obligated to deliver Shares to you if (i) you have
not satisfied all applicable tax withholding obligations
 (ii) Shares are not properly registered or subject to an applicable exemption
therefrom
 (iii) Shares are not listed on the stock exchanges on which Company Shares are otherwise listed
 or (iv) the Company
determines that the delivery of Shares would violate any federal or state securities or other applicable laws. At the discretion
of the Company
 Shares may be delivered to you by book-entry credit to an account in your name established by the Company with
the Company&rsquo;s transfer agent
 or upon written request from you (or your personal representative
 beneficiary or estate
 as
the case may be) in certificates in your name (or your personal representative
 beneficiary or estate).You shall not acquire or
have any rights as a shareholder of the Company until Shares issuable hereunder are actually issued and delivered to you in accordance
with the Award Agreement.


 Notwithstanding any provision of this Award Agreement or the Plan
to the contrary
 you agree that your right to retain your Award
 to retain any amount received pursuant to your Award and to retain
any profit or gain your realized in connection with sale of such Shares
 shall be subject to any recoupment or &ldquo;clawback&rdquo;
policy or forfeiture policy adopted by the Company.


 The Company may impose such restrictions
 conditions
 and
limitations as it determines appropriate as to the timing and manner of any resales by you or other subsequent transfers by you
of any Shares issued as a result of the settlement of your PSUs
 including (i) restrictions under an insider trading policy
 (ii)
restrictions designed to delay and/or coordinate the timing and manner of sales by you and other PSU holders
 and (iii) restrictions
as to the use of a specified brokerage firm for such resales or other transfers.





At the time your PSUs are settled
 you hereby authorize withholding from payroll and any other amounts
payable to you by the Company
 and otherwise agree to make adequate provision for
 any sums required to satisfy the federal
 state
local and foreign tax withholding obligations (&ldquo;Withholding Obligations&rdquo;) of the Company
 if any
 which arise in connection
with the settlement of your PSUs.


Upon your request and subject to approval by the Company
 in its sole discretion
 and compliance with
any applicable legal conditions or restrictions
 the Company may withhold from fully vested Shares otherwise issuable to you upon
the settlement of your PSUs a number of whole Shares having a Fair Market Value
 determined by the Company as of the date of settlement
at least equal to the minimum statutory amount of tax required to be withheld by law but in no event in excess of the maximum statutory
amount of tax that is permitted to be withheld by law.


 You hereby agree that the Company does not have a duty to design or administer
the Plan or its other compensation programs in a manner that minimizes your tax liabilities. You shall not make any claim against
the Company
 or any of its Officers
 Directors
 Employees or Affiliates related to tax liabilities arising from your PSUs or your
other compensation.


    
    






Your PSUs granted hereunder are not intended to provide for a &ldquo;deferral of compensation&rdquo;
within the meaning of Section 409A of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code (&ldquo;Section 409A&rdquo;) and shall be interpreted and
construed in a manner consistent with that intent. If any provision of this Award Agreement
 your Grant Notice or the Plan causes
your PSUs to be subject to the requirements of Section 409A
 or could otherwise cause you to recognize income or be subject to
the interest and penalties under Section 409A
 then the provision shall have no effect or
 to the extent practicable
 the Committee
may
 in its sole discretion and without the Participant&rsquo;s consent
 modify the provision to (i) comply with
 or avoid being
subject to Section 409A
 or to avoid the incurrence of any taxes
 interest and penalties under Section 409A
 and/or (ii) maintain
to the maximum extent practicable
 the original intent and economic benefit to you of the applicable provision without materially
increasing the cost to the Company or contravening the provisions of Section 409A. This Section 12 does not create an obligation
of the Company to modify this Award Agreement
 your Grant Notice or the Plan and does not guarantee that your PSUs will not be
subject to taxes
 interest and penalties under Section 409A.


If you are a &ldquo;specified employee&rdquo; as defined under Code Section 409A and your PSUs are
to be settled on account of your separation from service (for reasons other than death) and such PSUs constitutes &ldquo;deferred
compensation&rdquo; as defined under Code Section 409A
 then any portion of your PSUs that would otherwise be settled during the
six-month period commencing on your separation from service shall be settled as soon as practicable following the conclusion of
the six-month period (or following your death if it occurs during such six-month period).


Your Termination of Service shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of
the Award Agreement providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits that are considered nonqualified deferred compensation
under Section 409A upon or following a Termination of Service
 unless such termination is also a &ldquo;separation from service&rdquo;
within the meaning of Section 409A and the payment thereof prior to a &ldquo;separation from service&rdquo; could otherwise cause
you to recognize income or be subject to the interest and penalties under Section 409A.


 Your PSUs may not be sold
 transferred
 pledged
 assigned
exchanged
 encumbered
 or otherwise alienated or hypothecated
 except (i) by will or by the laws of descent and distribution; (ii)
to the extent permitted by the Plan and allowed under applicable law and approved by the Committee in its sole discretion; or (iii)
pursuant to a domestic relations order.


 You may
 from time to time
 name any beneficiary or beneficiaries
(who may be named contingently or successively) to whom any benefit under this Award Agreement is to be paid in case of your death
before you receive any or all of such benefit. Each such designation shall revoke all prior designations by you
 shall be in a
form prescribed by the Company
 and will be effective only when filed by you in writing with the Secretary of the Company during
your lifetime. In the absence of any such designation
 benefits remaining unpaid at the time of your death shall be paid to your
estate.


 This Award Agreement shall be subject to all applicable laws
 rules
 and regulations
and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or national securities exchanges as may be required
 or the Committee determines
are advisable. You agree to take all steps that the Company determines are necessary to comply with all applicable provisions of
federal and state securities law in exercising your rights under this Award Agreement. The Committee may impose such restrictions
on any Shares acquired by you under the Award Agreement as it may deem necessary or advisable
 under applicable federal securities
laws
 the requirements of any stock exchange or market upon which such Shares are then listed or traded or any blue sky or state
securities laws applicable to such Shares. In addition
 the Shares shall be subject to any trading restrictions
 stock holding
requirements or other policies in effect from time to time as determined by the Committee.


    
    



 To administer the Plan
 the Company may process personal data about you. Such
data includes the information provided in this Award Agreement
 other appropriate personal and financial data about you such as
home address and business addresses and other contact information
 payroll information and any other information deemed appropriate
by the Company to facilitate the administration of the Plan. By accepting this award
 you consent to the Company&rsquo;s processing
of such personal data and the transfer of such data outside the country in which you work or are employed
 including
 with respect
to non-U.S. residents
 to the United States
 to transferees who shall include the Company and other persons designated by the Company
to administer the Plan.





Neither the Plan nor this Award Agreement shall (i) alter your status as an &ldquo;at-will&rdquo;
employee of the Company; (ii) be construed as giving you any right to continue in the employ of the Company; or (iii) be construed
as giving you any right to be reemployed by the Company following any Termination of Service. The Termination of Service provisions
in this Award Agreement shall solely apply to the treatment of your PSUs as specified herein and shall not otherwise affect your
employment relationship with the Company.


The Company has granted your PSUs in its sole discretion. Your Grant Notice
 this Award Agreement
and the Plan do not confer to you any right or entitlement to receive another grant of PSUs
 or any other similar award at any
time in the future or in respect of any future period. Your PSU grant does not confer on you any right or entitlement to receive
compensation in any specific amount for any future fiscal year
 and does not diminish in any way the Company&rsquo;s discretion
to determine the amount
 if any
 of your compensation.


 Any notice required or permitted to be given under this Award Agreement
 or Grant
Notice or the Plan shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given when delivered personally or by courier
 or sent
by certified or registered United States mail
 postage prepaid
 return receipt requested
 duly addressed to the party concerned
at the address indicated below or to such changed address as such party may subsequently by similar process give notice of:



Inc.
100 International Drive

Floor

 Maryland 21202
Attn.: General Counsel



the Company by the
Employee in the manner set forth herein.





 The headings preceding the text of the sections in this Award Agreement are inserted
solely for convenience of reference
 and shall not constitute a part of this Award Agreement
 nor shall they affect its meaning
construction
 or effect.


 If any provision of this Award Agreement is declared to be illegal
 invalid
or otherwise unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction
 such provision shall be reformed
 if possible
 to the extent necessary
to render it legal
 valid
 and enforceable
 or otherwise deleted
 and the remainder of the provisions of this Award Agreement shall
not be affected except to the extent necessary to reform or delete such illegal
 invalid
 or unenforceable provision.


    
    



 This Award Agreement is subject to all of the terms and conditions as
set forth in your Grant Notice and the Plan
 all of which are incorporated herein in their entirety. Your Grant Notice
 this Award
Agreement
 the Plan
 and any employment or change in control agreement between you and the Company constitute the entire understanding
between you and the Company regarding the PSUs. Any prior Award Agreements
 commitments or negotiations concerning the PSUs are
superseded. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of your Grant Notice and this Award Agreement and those of the
Plan
 the provisions of the Plan shall control.


 The provisions of this Award Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and
be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective permitted heirs
 beneficiaries
 successors and assigns.


 Your Grant Notice and this Award Agreement shall be governed
 construed
 interpreted
and administered solely in accordance with the laws of the state of Delaware
 without regard to principles of conflicts of law
with consent of jurisdiction by you in the State of Maryland.


 Your PSUs granted under this Award Agreement may
be rescinded if necessary to ensure compliance with federal
 state or other applicable laws.


 All questions arising under your Grant Notice
 this Award Agreement
and the Plan shall be decided by the Committee in its total and absolute discretion. It is expressly understood that the Committee
is authorized to administer
 construe
 and make all determinations necessary or appropriate to the administration of your Grant
Notice
 this Award Agreement and the Plan; all such determinations shall be binding upon you and your successors.


 The PSUs granted to you under pursuant this Award Agreement do not and
shall not entitle you to any rights of a holder of a Share of Company common stock prior to the date Shares are issued to you in
settlement of the PSUs
 if at all (or an appropriate book entry has been made). Except as described in the Plan
 no adjustments
are made for dividends or other rights if the applicable record date occurs prior to the date Shares are issued to you in settlement
of the PSUs (or an appropriate book entry has been made).


 The PSUs create a contractual obligation on the part of the Company to
distribute to you Shares in connection with the vesting of the PSUs at the time provided for in this Award Agreement. Neither you
nor any other party claiming an interest under this Agreement shall have any interest whatsoever in any specific assets of the
Company. Your right to receive Shares under this Agreement is that of an unsecured general creditor of Company.


 Certain statutory materials relating to the Plan may be delivered
to you in electronic form. By accepting this grant
 you consent to electronic delivery and acknowledge receipt of these materials
including the Plan.

This Award Agreement is not a stock
certificate or a negotiable instrument.


    
    





Agreement or Plan
 set forth below are the Performance Goals applicable to your Award and the method for calculating the number
of your PSUs that vest at the conclusion of the Performance Period ending on ________________
 20__.


    













     





Form of Medifast
 Inc. Amended
and Restated 2012 Share Incentive Plan Grant Notice Employee Deferred Shares

Medifast
Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Share Incentive Plan

GRANT NOTICE EMPLOYEE DEFERRED SHARES



 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
hereby grants to the Participant named below Deferred Shares ( &ldquo;RSUs&rdquo;) pursuant to the Medifast
 Inc. Amended and Restated
2012 Share Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;Plan&rdquo;) in the number specified below
 which shall vest in accordance with the Vesting
Schedule. Each RSU relates and corresponds in value to a single share of Company common stock (&ldquo;Share&rdquo;) and represents
the right to receive one Share for each vested RSU.


and conditions as set forth in this Grant Notice
 the Deferred Share Award Agreement (the &ldquo;Award Agreement&rdquo;) and the
Plan
 all of which are attached hereto and incorporated herein in their entirety. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein
shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan or the Award Agreement.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



The undersigned Participant acknowledges receipt of
 and understands and agrees to the terms set forth in this Grant Notice
 the
by accepting this Grant Notice and attached Award Agreement electronically
 you agree to the
terms and conditions in the Grant Notice
 Award Agreement and Plan).


of the Grant Date
 this Grant Notice
 the Award Agreement
 the Plan
 and any employment or change in control agreement between
you and the Company set forth the entire understanding between Participant and the Company regarding the acquisition of Shares
in accordance with this Grant Notice
 the Award Agreement and the Plan and supersede all prior oral and written Award Agreements
on that subject.


    
    


Medifast
Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Share Incentive Plan

Deferred
share EMPLOYEE AWARD AGREEMENT


(&ldquo;Grant Notice&rdquo;) and this Award Agreement
 Medifast
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) has granted to you Deferred Shares
(&ldquo;RSUs&rdquo; or &ldquo;Award&rdquo;) under the Plan covering the number of RSUs indicated in your Grant Notice
 which vest
in accordance with the Vesting Schedule indicated in your Grant Notice and this Award Agreement.


herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan or your Grant Notice.




 Your RSUs are subject to the Vesting Schedule set forth
in your Grant Notice. On each vesting date (&ldquo;Vesting Date&rdquo;) set forth in the Vesting Schedule
 you will vest in the
specified percentage of your RSUs
 and your vested RSUs shall be settled in accordance with the terms of this Award Agreement;
provided that you satisfy the requirements of Section 2 of this Agreement or vest in your RSUs in accordance with Section 3 of
this Award Agreement.


 You must be continuously employed by the Company or
any of its subsidiaries from the Grant Date through and up to a Vesting Date specified in your Grant Notice to be eligible for
a payment or distribution of your RSUs that vest and become nonforfeitable on such Vesting Date. If you incur a Termination of
Service prior to a Vesting Date
 you will forfeit any non-vested RSUs that you then hold on the date of such Termination of Service
and you shall not be entitled to any distribution or payout with respect to such forfeited RSUs
 except as otherwise expressly
provided in Section 5 of this Award Agreement.


The treatment of any nonvested RSUs
that you hold upon or after a Change in Control will be determined under Section 8 of the Plan.


Within thirty (30) days of a Vesting Date
 the Company
will issue and deliver to you the number of shares of Stock equal to the number of your RSUs that vested on such Vesting Date
subject to satisfaction of applicable tax and/or other obligations as described in Section 9 of this Award Agreement.


 In the event that the Company declares and pays a dividend in respect
of its outstanding Shares and
 on the record date for such dividend
 you hold RSUs granted pursuant to this Award Agreement that
have not been settled
 the Company shall credit to an account maintained by the Company for your benefit an amount equal to the
cash dividends you would have received if you were the holder of record
 as of such record date
 of the number of Shares related
to the portion of the RSUs that have not been settled or forfeited as of such record date (the &ldquo;Dividend Equivalent&rdquo;
or &ldquo;DER&rdquo;). Such account is intended to constitute an &ldquo;unfunded&rdquo; account
 and neither this Section 5 nor
any action taken pursuant to or in accordance with this Section 5 shall be construed to create a trust of any kind. Amounts credited
to such account with respect to RSUs that vest in accordance with Sections 2 or 3 of this Award Agreement will become vested DERs
and will be paid to you in cash
 Shares
 or a combination thereof
 as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion
 at the
same time as your vested RSUs are settled. You shall not be entitled to receive any interest with respect to the timing of payment
of DERs. In the event all or any portion of the RSUs granted to you pursuant to this Award Agreement fail to become vested under
Sections 2 or 3 of this Award Agreement
 the unvested DERs accumulated in your account with respect to such RSUs shall be forfeited.


    
    



 The Company shall deliver such Shares in settlement of your vested RSUs
to you in accordance with this Section 6; provided
 however
 the Company shall not be obligated to deliver Shares to you if (i)
you have not satisfied all applicable tax withholding obligations
 (ii) Shares are not properly registered or subject to an applicable
exemption therefrom
 (iii) Shares are not listed on the stock exchanges on which Company Shares are otherwise listed
 or (iv) the
Company determines that the delivery of Shares would violate any federal or state securities or other applicable laws. At the discretion
of the Company
 Shares may be delivered to you by book-entry credit to an account in your name established by the Company with
the Company&rsquo;s transfer agent
 or upon written request from you (or your personal representative
 beneficiary or estate
 as
the case may be) in certificates in your name (or your personal representative
 beneficiary or estate).You shall not acquire or
have any rights as a shareholder of the Company until Shares issuable hereunder are actually issued and delivered to you in accordance
with the Award Agreement.


 Notwithstanding any provision of this Award Agreement or the Plan
to the contrary
 you agree that your right to retain your Award
 to retain any amount received pursuant to your Award and to retain
any profit or gain your realized in connection with sale of such Shares
 shall be subject to any recoupment or &ldquo;clawback&rdquo;
policy or forfeiture policy adopted by the Company.


 The Company may impose such restrictions
 conditions
 and
limitations as it determines appropriate as to the timing and manner of any resales by you or other subsequent transfers by you
of any Shares issued as a result of the settlement of your RSUs
 including (i) restrictions under an insider trading policy
 (ii)
restrictions designed to delay and/or coordinate the timing and manner of sales by you and other RSU holders
 and (iii) restrictions
as to the use of a specified brokerage firm for such resales or other transfers.





At the time your RSUs are settled
 you hereby authorize withholding from payroll and any other amounts
payable to you by the Company
 and otherwise agree to make adequate provision for
 any sums required to satisfy the federal
 state
local and foreign tax withholding obligations (&ldquo;Withholding Obligations&rdquo;) of the Company
 if any
 which arise in connection
with the settlement of your RSUs.


Upon your request and subject to approval by the Company
 in its sole discretion
 and compliance with
any applicable legal conditions or restrictions
 the Company may withhold from fully vested Shares otherwise issuable to you upon
the settlement of your RSUs a number of whole Shares having a Fair Market Value
 determined by the Company as of the date of settlement
at least equal to the minimum statutory amount of tax required to be withheld by law but in no event in excess of the maximum statutory
amount of tax that is permitted to be withheld by law.


 You hereby agree that the Company does not have a duty to design or administer
the Plan or its other compensation programs in a manner that minimizes your tax liabilities. You shall not make any claim against
the Company
 or any of its Officers
 Directors
 Employees or Affiliates related to tax liabilities arising from your RSUs or your
other compensation.


    
    






Your RSUs granted hereunder are not intended to provide for a &ldquo;deferral of compensation&rdquo;
within the meaning of Section 409A of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code (&ldquo;Section 409A&rdquo;) and shall be interpreted and
construed in a manner consistent with that intent. If any provision of this Award Agreement
 your Grant Notice or the Plan causes
your RSUs to be subject to the requirements of Section 409A
 or could otherwise cause you to recognize income or be subject to
the interest and penalties under Section 409A
 then the provision shall have no effect or
 to the extent practicable
 the Committee
may
 in its sole discretion and without the Participant&rsquo;s consent
 modify the provision to (i) comply with
 or avoid being
subject to Section 409A
 or to avoid the incurrence of any taxes
 interest and penalties under Section 409A
 and/or (ii) maintain
to the maximum extent practicable
 the original intent and economic benefit to you of the applicable provision without materially
increasing the cost to the Company or contravening the provisions of Section 409A. This Section 12 does not create an obligation
of the Company to modify this Award Agreement
 your Grant Notice or the Plan and does not guarantee that your RSUs will not be
subject to taxes
 interest and penalties under Section 409A.


If you are a &ldquo;specified employee&rdquo; as defined under Code Section 409A and your RSUs are
to be settled on account of your separation from service (for reasons other than death) and such RSUs constitutes &ldquo;deferred
compensation&rdquo; as defined under Code Section 409A
 then any portion of your RSUs that would otherwise be settled during the
six-month period commencing on your separation from service shall be settled as soon as practicable following the conclusion of
the six-month period (or following your death if it occurs during such six-month period).


Your Termination of Service shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of
the Award Agreement providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits that are considered nonqualified deferred compensation
under Section 409A upon or following a Termination of Service
 unless such termination is also a &ldquo;separation from service&rdquo;
within the meaning of Section 409A and the payment thereof prior to a &ldquo;separation from service&rdquo; could otherwise cause
you to recognize income or be subject to the interest and penalties under Section 409A.


 Your RSUs may not be sold
 transferred
 pledged
 assigned
exchanged
 encumbered
 or otherwise alienated or hypothecated
 except (i) by will or by the laws of descent and distribution; (ii)
to the extent permitted by the Plan and allowed under applicable law and approved by the Committee in its sole discretion; or (iii)
pursuant to a domestic relations order.


 You may
 from time to time
 name any beneficiary or beneficiaries
(who may be named contingently or successively) to whom any benefit under this Award Agreement is to be paid in case of your death
before you receive any or all of such benefit. Each such designation shall revoke all prior designations by you
 shall be in a
form prescribed by the Company
 and will be effective only when filed by you in writing with the Secretary of the Company during
your lifetime. In the absence of any such designation
 benefits remaining unpaid at the time of your death shall be paid to your
estate.


 This Award Agreement shall be subject to all applicable laws
 rules
 and regulations
and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or national securities exchanges as may be required
 or the Committee determines
are advisable. You agree to take all steps that the Company determines are necessary to comply with all applicable provisions of
federal and state securities law in exercising your rights under this Award Agreement. The Committee may impose such restrictions
on any Shares acquired by you under the Award Agreement as it may deem necessary or advisable
 under applicable federal securities
laws
 the requirements of any stock exchange or market upon which such Shares are then listed or traded or any blue sky or state
securities laws applicable to such Shares. In addition
 the Shares shall be subject to any trading restrictions
 stock holding
requirements or other policies in effect from time to time as determined by the Committee.


    
    



 To administer the Plan
 the Company may process personal data about you. Such
data includes the information provided in this Award Agreement
 other appropriate personal and financial data about you such as
home address and business addresses and other contact information
 payroll information and any other information deemed appropriate
by the Company to facilitate the administration of the Plan. By accepting this award
 you consent to the Company&rsquo;s processing
of such personal data and the transfer of such data outside the country in which you work or are employed
 including
 with respect
to non-U.S. residents
 to the United States
 to transferees who shall include the Company and other persons designated by the Company
to administer the Plan.





Neither the Plan nor this Award Agreement shall (i) alter your status as an &ldquo;at-will&rdquo;
employee of the Company; (ii) be construed as giving you any right to continue in the employ of the Company; or (iii) be construed
as giving you any right to be reemployed by the Company following any Termination of Service. The Termination of Service provisions
in this Award Agreement shall solely apply to the treatment of your RSUs as specified herein and shall not otherwise affect your
employment relationship with the Company.


The Company has granted your RSUs in its sole discretion. Your Grant Notice
 this Award Agreement
and the Plan do not confer to you any right or entitlement to receive another grant of RSUs
 or any other similar award at any
time in the future or in respect of any future period. Your RSU grant does not confer on you any right or entitlement to receive
compensation in any specific amount for any future fiscal year
 and does not diminish in any way the Company&rsquo;s discretion
to determine the amount
 if any
 of your compensation.


 Any notice required or permitted to be given under this Award Agreement
 or Grant
Notice or the Plan shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given when delivered personally or by courier
 or sent
by certified or registered United States mail
 postage prepaid
 return receipt requested
 duly addressed to the party concerned
at the address indicated below or to such changed address as such party may subsequently by similar process give notice of:



Inc.
100 International Drive

Floor

 Maryland 21202
Attn.: General Counsel



the Company by the
Employee in the manner set forth herein.





 The headings preceding the text of the sections in this Award Agreement are inserted
solely for convenience of reference
 and shall not constitute a part of this Award Agreement
 nor shall they affect its meaning
construction
 or effect.


    
    



 If any provision of this Award Agreement is declared to be illegal
 invalid
or otherwise unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction
 such provision shall be reformed
 if possible
 to the extent necessary
to render it legal
 valid
 and enforceable
 or otherwise deleted
 and the remainder of the provisions of this Award Agreement shall
not be affected except to the extent necessary to reform or delete such illegal
 invalid
 or unenforceable provision.


 This Award Agreement is subject to all of the terms and conditions as
set forth in your Grant Notice and the Plan
 all of which are incorporated herein in their entirety. Your Grant Notice
 this Award
Agreement
 the Plan
 and any employment or change in control agreement between you and the Company constitute the entire understanding
between you and the Company regarding the RSUs. Any prior Award Agreements
 commitments or negotiations concerning the RSUs are
superseded. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of your Grant Notice and this Award Agreement and those of the
Plan
 the provisions of the Plan shall control.


 The provisions of this Award Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and
be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective permitted heirs
 beneficiaries
 successors and assigns.


 Your Grant Notice and this Award Agreement shall be governed
 construed
 interpreted
and administered solely in accordance with the laws of the state of Delaware
 without regard to principles of conflicts of law
with consent of jurisdiction by you in the State of Maryland.


 Your RSUs granted under this Award Agreement may
be rescinded if necessary to ensure compliance with federal
 state or other applicable laws.


 All questions arising under your Grant Notice
 this Award Agreement
and the Plan shall be decided by the Committee in its total and absolute discretion. It is expressly understood that the Committee
is authorized to administer
 construe
 and make all determinations necessary or appropriate to the administration of your Grant
Notice
 this Award Agreement and the Plan; all such determinations shall be binding upon you and your successors.


 The RSUs granted to you under pursuant this Award Agreement do not and
shall not entitle you to any rights of a holder of a Share of Company common stock prior to the date Shares are issued to you in
settlement of the RSUs
 if at all (or an appropriate book entry has been made). Except as described in the Plan
 no adjustments
are made for dividends or other rights if the applicable record date occurs prior to the date Shares are issued to you in settlement
of the RSUs (or an appropriate book entry has been made).


 The RSUs create a contractual obligation on the part of the Company to
distribute to you Shares in connection with the vesting of the RSUs at the time provided for in this Award Agreement. Neither you
nor any other party claiming an interest under this Agreement shall have any interest whatsoever in any specific assets of the
Company. Your right to receive Shares under this Agreement is that of an unsecured general creditor of Company.


 Certain statutory materials relating to the Plan may be delivered
to you in electronic form. By accepting this grant
 you consent to electronic delivery and acknowledge receipt of these materials
including the Plan.

This Award Agreement is not a stock
certificate or a negotiable instrument. 


    













     





Form of Medifast
 Inc. Amended
and Restated 2012 Share Incentive Plan Grant Notice Nonemployee Director Deferred Shares

Medifast
Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Share Incentive Plan

GRANT NOTICE NONEMPLOYEE DIRECTOR DEFERRED
SHARES 


 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
hereby grants to the Participant named below Deferred Shares ( &ldquo;RSUs&rdquo;) pursuant to the Medifast
 Inc. Amended and Restated
2012 Share Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;Plan&rdquo;) in the number specified below
 which shall vest in accordance with the Vesting
Schedule. Each RSU relates and corresponds in value to a single share of Company common stock (&ldquo;Share&rdquo;) and represents
the right to receive one Share for each vested RSU.


and conditions as set forth in this Grant Notice
 the Deferred Share Award Agreement (the &ldquo;Award Agreement&rdquo;) and the
Plan
 all of which are attached hereto and incorporated herein in their entirety. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein
shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan or the Award Agreement.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



The undersigned Participant acknowledges receipt of
 and understands and agrees to the terms set forth in this Grant Notice
 the
by accepting this Grant Notice and attached Award Agreement electronically
 you agree to the
terms and conditions in the Grant Notice
 Award Agreement and Plan).


of the Grant Date
 this Grant Notice
 the Award Agreement
 and the Plan
 set forth the entire understanding between Participant
and the Company regarding the acquisition of Shares in accordance with this Grant Notice
 the Award Agreement and the Plan and
supersede all prior oral and written Award Agreements on that subject.


    
    


Medifast
Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Share Incentive Plan

Deferred
share NONEMPLOYEE DIRECTOR AWARD AGREEMENT


(&ldquo;Grant Notice&rdquo;) and this Award Agreement
 Medifast
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) has granted to you Deferred Shares
(&ldquo;RSUs&rdquo; or &ldquo;Award&rdquo;) under the Plan covering the number of RSUs indicated in your Grant Notice
 which vest
in accordance with the Vesting Schedule indicated in your Grant Notice and this Award Agreement.


herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan or your Grant Notice.




 Your RSUs are subject to the Vesting Schedule set forth
in your Grant Notice. On each vesting date (&ldquo;Vesting Date&rdquo;) set forth in the Vesting Schedule
 you will vest in the
specified percentage of your RSUs
 and your vested RSUs shall be settled in accordance with the terms of this Award Agreement;
provided that you satisfy the requirements of Section 2 of this Agreement or vest in your RSUs in accordance with Section 3 of
this Award Agreement.


 You must be continuously participating on the Board
of Directors of the Company or any of its subsidiaries from the Grant Date through and up to a Vesting Date specified in your Grant
Notice to be eligible for a payment or distribution of your RSUs that vest and become nonforfeitable on such Vesting Date. If you
incur a Termination of Service prior to a Vesting Date
 you will forfeit any non-vested RSUs that you then hold on the date of
such Termination of Service and you shall not be entitled to any distribution or payout with respect to such forfeited RSUs
 except
as otherwise expressly provided in Section 5 of this Award Agreement.


The treatment of any nonvested RSUs
that you hold upon or after a Change in Control will be determined under Section 8 of the Plan.


Within thirty (30) days of a Vesting Date
 the Company
will issue and deliver to you the number of shares of Stock equal to the number of your RSUs that vested on such Vesting Date
subject to satisfaction of applicable tax and/or other obligations as described in Section 9 of this Award Agreement.


 In the event that the Company declares and pays a dividend in respect
of its outstanding Shares and
 on the record date for such dividend
 you hold RSUs granted pursuant to this Award Agreement that
have not been settled
 the Company shall credit to an account maintained by the Company for your benefit an amount equal to the
cash dividends you would have received if you were the holder of record
 as of such record date
 of the number of Shares related
to the portion of the RSUs that have not been settled or forfeited as of such record date (the &ldquo;Dividend Equivalent&rdquo;
or &ldquo;DER&rdquo;). Such account is intended to constitute an &ldquo;unfunded&rdquo; account
 and neither this Section 5 nor
any action taken pursuant to or in accordance with this Section 5 shall be construed to create a trust of any kind. Amounts credited
to such account with respect to RSUs that vest in accordance with Sections 2 or 3 of this Award Agreement will become vested DERs
and will be paid to you in cash
 Shares
 or a combination thereof
 as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion
 at the
same time as your vested RSUs are settled. You shall not be entitled to receive any interest with respect to the timing of payment
of DERs. In the event all or any portion of the RSUs granted to you pursuant to this Award Agreement fail to become vested under
Sections 2 or 3 of this Award Agreement
 the unvested DERs accumulated in your account with respect to such RSUs shall be forfeited.


 The Company shall deliver such Shares in settlement of your vested RSUs
to you in accordance with this Section 6; provided
 however
 the Company shall not be obligated to deliver Shares to you if (i)
you have not satisfied all applicable tax withholding obligations
 (ii) Shares are not properly registered or subject to an applicable
exemption therefrom
 (iii) Shares are not listed on the stock exchanges on which Company Shares are otherwise listed
 or (iv) the
Company determines that the delivery of Shares would violate any federal or state securities or other applicable laws. At the discretion
of the Company
 Shares may be delivered to you by book-entry credit to an account in your name established by the Company with
the Company&rsquo;s transfer agent
 or upon written request from you (or your personal representative
 beneficiary or estate
 as
the case may be) in certificates in your name (or your personal representative
 beneficiary or estate).You shall not acquire or
have any rights as a shareholder of the Company until Shares issuable hereunder are actually issued and delivered to you in accordance
with the Award Agreement.


    
    



 Notwithstanding any provision of this Award Agreement or the Plan
to the contrary
 you agree that your right to retain your Award
 to retain any amount received pursuant to your Award and to retain
any profit or gain you realized in connection with sale of such Shares
 shall be subject to any recoupment or &ldquo;clawback&rdquo;
policy or forfeiture policy adopted by the Company.


 The Company may impose such restrictions
 conditions
 and
limitations as it determines appropriate as to the timing and manner of any resales by you or other subsequent transfers by you
of any Shares issued as a result of the settlement of your RSUs
 including (i) restrictions under an insider trading policy
 (ii)
restrictions designed to delay and/or coordinate the timing and manner of sales by you and other RSU holders
 and (iii) restrictions
as to the use of a specified brokerage firm for such resales or other transfers.


 You hereby agree that the Company does not have a duty to design or administer
the Plan or its other compensation programs in a manner that minimizes your tax liabilities. You shall not make any claim against
the Company
 or any of its Officers
 Directors
 Employees or Affiliates related to tax liabilities arising from your RSUs or your
other compensation.


 Your RSUs may not be sold
 transferred
 pledged
 assigned
exchanged
 encumbered
 or otherwise alienated or hypothecated
 except (i) by will or by the laws of descent and distribution; (ii)
to the extent permitted by the Plan and allowed under applicable law and approved by the Committee in its sole discretion; or (iii)
pursuant to a domestic relations order.


 You may
 from time to time
 name any beneficiary or beneficiaries
(who may be named contingently or successively) to whom any benefit under this Award Agreement is to be paid in case of your death
before you receive any or all of such benefit. Each such designation shall revoke all prior designations by you
 shall be in a
form prescribed by the Company
 and will be effective only when filed by you in writing with the Secretary of the Company during
your lifetime. In the absence of any such designation
 benefits remaining unpaid at the time of your death shall be paid to your
estate.


 This Award Agreement shall be subject to all applicable laws
 rules
 and regulations
and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or national securities exchanges as may be required
 or the Committee determines
are advisable. You agree to take all steps that the Company determines are necessary to comply with all applicable provisions of
federal and state securities law in exercising your rights under this Award Agreement. The Committee may impose such restrictions
on any Shares acquired by you under the Award Agreement as it may deem necessary or advisable
 under applicable federal securities
laws
 the requirements of any stock exchange or market upon which such Shares are then listed or traded or any blue sky or state
securities laws applicable to such Shares. In addition
 the Shares shall be subject to any trading restrictions
 stock holding
requirements or other policies in effect from time to time as determined by the Committee.


 To administer the Plan
 the Company may process personal data about you. Such
data includes the information provided in this Award Agreement
 other appropriate personal and financial data about you such as
home address and business addresses and other contact information
 payroll information and any other information deemed appropriate
by the Company to facilitate the administration of the Plan. By accepting this award
 you consent to the Company&rsquo;s processing
of such personal data and the transfer of such data outside the country in which you work or are employed
 including
 with respect
to non-U.S. residents
 to the United States
 to transferees who shall include the Company and other persons designated by the Company
to administer the Plan.


 The Company has granted your RSUs in its sole discretion. Your
Grant Notice
 this Award Agreement and the Plan do not confer to you any right or entitlement to receive another grant of RSUs
or any other similar award at any time in the future or in respect of any future period. Your RSU grant does not confer on you
any right or entitlement to receive compensation in any specific amount for any future fiscal year
 and does not diminish in any
way the Company&rsquo;s discretion to determine the amount
 if any
 of your compensation.


    
    



 Any notice required or permitted to be given under this Award Agreement
 or Grant
Notice or the Plan shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given when delivered personally or by courier
 or sent
by certified or registered United States mail
 postage prepaid
 return receipt requested
 duly addressed to the party concerned
at the address indicated below or to such changed address as such party may subsequently by similar process give notice of:



Inc.
100 International Drive

Floor

 Maryland 21202
Attn.: General Counsel



the Company by the
Participant in the manner set forth herein.





 The headings preceding the text of the sections in this Award Agreement are inserted
solely for convenience of reference
 and shall not constitute a part of this Award Agreement
 nor shall they affect its meaning
construction
 or effect.


 If any provision of this Award Agreement is declared to be illegal
 invalid
or otherwise unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction
 such provision shall be reformed
 if possible
 to the extent necessary
to render it legal
 valid
 and enforceable
 or otherwise deleted
 and the remainder of the provisions of this Award Agreement shall
not be affected except to the extent necessary to reform or delete such illegal
 invalid
 or unenforceable provision.


 This Award Agreement is subject to all of the terms and conditions as
set forth in your Grant Notice and the Plan
 all of which are incorporated herein in their entirety. Your Grant Notice
 this Award
Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire understanding between you and the Company regarding the RSU&rsquo;s. Any prior Award
Agreements
 commitments or negotiations concerning the RSUs are superseded. In the event of any conflict between the provisions
of your Grant Notice and this Award Agreement and those of the Plan
 the provisions of the Plan shall control.


 The provisions of this Award Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and
be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective permitted heirs
 beneficiaries
 successors and assigns.


 Your Grant Notice and this Award Agreement shall be governed
 construed
 interpreted
and administered solely in accordance with the laws of the state of Delaware
 without regard to principles of conflicts of law
with consent of jurisdiction by you in the State of Maryland.


 Your RSUs granted under this Award Agreement may
be rescinded if necessary to ensure compliance with federal
 state or other applicable laws.


 All questions arising under your Grant Notice
 this Award Agreement
and the Plan shall be decided by the Committee in its total and absolute discretion. It is expressly understood that the Committee
is authorized to administer
 construe
 and make all determinations necessary or appropriate to the administration of your Grant
Notice
 this Award Agreement and the Plan; all such determinations shall be binding upon you and your successors.


    
    



 The RSUs granted to you under pursuant this Award Agreement do not and
shall not entitle you to any rights of a holder of a Share of Company common stock prior to the date Shares are issued to you in
settlement of the RSUs
 if at all (or an appropriate book entry has been made). Except as described in the Plan
 no adjustments
are made for dividends or other rights if the applicable record date occurs prior to the date Shares are issued to you in settlement
of the RSUs (or an appropriate book entry has been made).


 The RSUs create a contractual obligation on the part of the Company to
distribute to you Shares in connection with the vesting of the RSUs at the time provided for in this Award Agreement. Neither you
nor any other party claiming an interest under this Agreement shall have any interest whatsoever in any specific assets of the
Company. Your right to receive Shares under this Agreement is that of an unsecured general creditor of Company.


 Certain statutory materials relating to the Plan may be delivered
to you in electronic form. By accepting this grant
 you consent to electronic delivery and acknowledge receipt of these materials
including the Plan.

This Award Agreement is not a stock
certificate or a negotiable instrument.


    














     





Form of Medifast
 Inc.
Amended and Restated 2012 Share Incentive Plan Grant Notice Nonemployee Director Deferred Share Cash Equivalent

Medifast
Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Share Incentive Plan

GRANT NOTICE NONEMPLOYEE DIRECTOR DEFERRED
SHARE CASH EQUIVALENT


 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
hereby grants to the Participant named below Deferred Shares ( &ldquo;RSUs&rdquo;) pursuant to the Medifast
 Inc. Amended and Restated
2012 Share Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;Plan&rdquo;) in the number specified below
 which shall vest in accordance with the Vesting
Schedule. Each RSU corresponds in value to a single share of Company common stock (&ldquo;Share&rdquo;) and represents the right
to receive the cash equivalent of a Share for each vested RSU.


and conditions as set forth in this Grant Notice
 the Deferred Share Award Agreement (the &ldquo;Award Agreement&rdquo;) and the
Plan
 all of which are attached hereto and incorporated herein in their entirety. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein
shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan or the Award Agreement.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



The undersigned Participant acknowledges receipt of
 and understands and agrees to the terms set forth in this Grant Notice
 the
by accepting this Grant Notice and attached Award Agreement electronically
 you agree to the
terms and conditions in the Grant Notice
 Award Agreement and Plan).


of the Grant Date
 this Grant Notice
 the Award Agreement and the Plan set forth the entire understanding between Participant and
the Company regarding the acquisition of Shares in accordance with this Grant Notice
 the Award Agreement and the Plan and supersede
all prior oral and written Award Agreements on that subject.



    
    
    
Medifast
 Inc.

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 Nonemployee Director
Restricted Share Cash Equivalent Award Agreement and Medifast
 Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Share Incentive Plan


    
    


Medifast
Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Share Incentive Plan

NONEMPLOYEE
DIRECTOR DEFERRED SHARE Cash Equivalent
AWARD AGREEMENT


Grant Notice (&ldquo;Grant Notice&rdquo;) and this Award Agreement
 Medifast
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) has granted to you
Deferred Shares (&ldquo;RSUs&rdquo; or &ldquo;Award&rdquo;) under the Plan covering the number of RSUs indicated in your Grant
Notice
 which vest in accordance with the Vesting Schedule indicated in your Grant Notice and this Award Agreement.


herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan or your Grant Notice.




 Your RSUs are subject to the Vesting Schedule set forth
in your Grant Notice. On each vesting date (&ldquo;Vesting Date&rdquo;) set forth in the Vesting Schedule
 you will vest in the
specified percentage of your RSUs
 and your vested RSUs shall be settled in accordance with the terms of this Award Agreement;
provided that you satisfy the requirements of Section 2 of this Agreement or vest in your RSUs in accordance with Section 3 of
this Award Agreement.


 You must continuously serve as a nonemployee director on the Company&rsquo;s
Board from the Grant Date through and up to a Vesting Date specified in your Grant Notice to be eligible for a payment of your
RSUs that vest and become nonforfeitable on such Vesting Date. If you incur a Termination of Service prior to a Vesting Date
 you
will forfeit any nonvested RSUs that you then hold on the date of such Termination of Service and you shall not be entitled to
any payout with respect to such forfeited RSUs
 except as otherwise expressly provided in Section 3 of this Award Agreement.


The treatment of any nonvested RSUs
that you hold upon or after a Change in Control will be determined under Section 8 of the Plan.


Within thirty (30) days of a Vesting Date
 the Company
will pay to you the cash equivalent of the number of RSUs that vested on such Vesting Date. For this purpose
 the cash equivalent
of each RSU shall be equal to the New York Stock Exchange closing price of a Share on the Vesting Date (or if the Vesting Date
is a date on which the Stock is not traded
 based on the closing price on the last date immediately preceding the Vesting Date
on which the Stock was traded)
 subject to satisfaction of applicable tax and/or other obligations as described in Section 7 of
this Award Agreement.


 In the event that the Company declares and pays a dividend in respect
of its outstanding Shares and
 on the record date for such dividend
 you hold RSUs granted pursuant to this Award Agreement that
have not been settled
 the Company shall credit to an account maintained by the Company for your benefit an amount equal to the
cash dividends you would have received if you were the holder of record
 as of such record date
 of the number of Shares related
to the portion of the RSUs that have not been settled or forfeited as of such record date (the &ldquo;Dividend Equivalent&rdquo;
or &ldquo;DER&rdquo;). Such account is intended to constitute an &ldquo;unfunded&rdquo; account
 and neither this Section 5 nor
any action taken pursuant to or in accordance with this Section 5 shall be construed to create a trust of any kind. Amounts credited
to such account with respect to RSUs that vest in accordance with Sections 2 or 3 of this Award Agreement will become vested DERs
and will be paid to you in cash at the same time as your vested RSUs are settled. You shall not be entitled to receive any interest
with respect to the timing of payment of DERs. In the event all or any portion of the RSUs granted to you pursuant to this Award
Agreement fail to become vested under Sections 2 or 3 of this Award Agreement
 the unvested DERs accumulated in your account with
respect to such RSUs shall be forfeited.


    
    



 Notwithstanding any provision of this Award Agreement or the Plan
to the contrary
 you agree that your right to retain your Award or to retain any amount received pursuant to your Award shall be
subject to any recoupment or &ldquo;clawback&rdquo; policy or forfeiture policy adopted by the Company.


 At the time your RSUs are settled
 you hereby agree to make adequate
provision for any sums required to satisfy any applicable foreign tax withholding obligations of the Company
 if any
 which arise
in connection with the settlement of your RSUs.


 You hereby agree that the Company does not have a duty to design or administer
the Plan or its other compensation programs in a manner that minimizes your tax liabilities. You shall not make any claim against
the Company
 or any of its officers
 directors
 employees or subsidiaries related to tax liabilities arising from your RSUs or
your other compensation.





Your RSUs granted hereunder are not intended to provide for a &ldquo;deferral of compensation&rdquo;
within the meaning of Section 409A of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code (&ldquo;Section 409A&rdquo;) and shall be interpreted and
construed in a manner consistent with that intent. If any provision of this Award Agreement
 your Grant Notice or the Plan causes
your RSUs to be subject to the requirements of Section 409A
 or could otherwise cause you to recognize income or be subject to
the interest and penalties under Section 409A
 then the provision shall have no effect or
 to the extent practicable
 the Committee
may
 in its sole discretion and without the Participant&rsquo;s consent
 modify the provision to (i) comply with
 or avoid being
subject to Section 409A
 or to avoid the incurrence of any taxes
 interest and penalties under Section 409A
 and/or (ii) maintain
to the maximum extent practicable
 the original intent and economic benefit to you of the applicable provision without materially
increasing the cost to the Company or contravening the provisions of Section 409A. This Section 9 does not create an obligation
of the Company to modify this Award Agreement
 your Grant Notice or the Plan and does not guarantee that your RSUs will not be
subject to taxes
 interest and penalties under Section 409A.


Your Termination of Service shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of
the Award Agreement providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits that are considered nonqualified deferred compensation
under Section 409A upon or following a Termination of Service
 unless such termination is also a &ldquo;separation from service&rdquo;
within the meaning of Section 409A and the payment thereof prior to a &ldquo;separation from service&rdquo; could otherwise cause
you to recognize income or be subject to the interest and penalties under Section 409A.


 Your RSUs may not be sold
 transferred
 pledged
 assigned
exchanged
 encumbered
 or otherwise alienated or hypothecated
 except (i) by will or by the laws of descent and distribution; (ii)
to the extent permitted by the Plan and allowed under applicable law and approved by the Committee in its sole discretion; or (iii)
pursuant to a domestic relations order.


 You may
 from time to time
 name any beneficiary or beneficiaries
(who may be named contingently or successively) to whom any benefit under this Award Agreement is to be paid in case of your death
before you receive any or all of such benefit. Each such designation shall revoke all prior designations by you
 shall be in a
form prescribed by the Company
 and will be effective only when filed by you in writing with the Secretary of the Company during
your lifetime. In the absence of any such designation
 benefits remaining unpaid at the time of your death shall be paid to your
estate.


 This Award Agreement shall be subject to all applicable laws
 rules
 and regulations
and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or national securities exchanges as may be required
 or the Committee determines
are advisable. You agree to take all steps that the Company determines are necessary to comply with all applicable provisions of
U.S. federal and state securities laws and foreign securities law in exercising your rights under this Award Agreement.


    
    



 To administer the Plan
 the Company may process personal data about you. Such
data includes the information provided in this Award Agreement
 other appropriate personal and financial data about you such as
home address and business addresses and other contact information
 payroll information and any other information deemed appropriate
by the Company to facilitate the administration of the Plan. By accepting this award
 you consent to the Company&rsquo;s processing
of such personal data and the transfer of such data outside the country in which you work or are employed
 including
 with respect
to non-U.S. residents
 to the United States
 to transferees who shall include the Company and other persons designated by the Company
to administer the Plan.


 The Board has granted your RSUs in its sole discretion. Your Grant
Notice
 this Award Agreement and the Plan do not confer to you any right or entitlement to receive another grant of RSUs
 or any
other similar award at any time in the future or in respect of any future period. Your RSU grant does not confer on you any right
or entitlement to receive compensation in any specific amount for any future fiscal year
 and does not diminish in any way the
Board&rsquo;s discretion to determine the amount
 if any
 of your compensation.


 Any notice required or permitted to be given under this Award Agreement
 Grant Notice
or Plan shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given when delivered personally or by courier
 or sent by certified
or registered United States mail
 postage prepaid
 return receipt requested
 duly addressed to the party concerned at the address
indicated below or to such changed address as such party may subsequently by similar process give notice of:



Inc.
100 International Drive

Floor

 Maryland 21202
Attn.: General Counsel



the Company by the
Participant in the manner set forth herein.





 The headings preceding the text of the sections in this Award Agreement are inserted
solely for convenience of reference
 and shall not constitute a part of this Award Agreement
 nor shall they affect its meaning
construction
 or effect.


 If any provision of this Award Agreement is declared to be illegal
 invalid
or otherwise unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction
 such provision shall be reformed
 if possible
 to the extent necessary
to render it legal
 valid
 and enforceable
 or otherwise deleted
 and the remainder of the provisions of this Award Agreement shall
not be affected except to the extent necessary to reform or delete such illegal
 invalid
 or unenforceable provision.


 This Award Agreement is subject to all of the terms and conditions as
set forth in your Grant Notice and the Plan
 all of which are incorporated herein in their entirety. Your Grant Notice
 this Award
Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire understanding between you and the Company regarding the RSUs. Any prior Award Agreements
commitments or negotiations concerning the RSUs are superseded. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of your Grant
Notice and this Award Agreement and those of the Plan
 the provisions of the Plan shall control.


    
    



 The provisions of this Award Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and
be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective permitted heirs
 beneficiaries
 successors and assigns.


 Your Grant Notice and this Award Agreement shall be governed
 construed
 interpreted
and administered solely in accordance with the laws of the state of Delaware
 without regard to principles of conflicts of law
with consent of jurisdiction by you in the state of Maryland.


 Your RSUs granted under this Award Agreement may
be rescinded if necessary to ensure compliance with federal
 state or other applicable laws.


 All questions arising under your Grant Notice
 this Award Agreement
and the Plan shall be decided by the Committee in its total and absolute discretion. It is expressly understood that the Committee
is authorized to administer
 construe
 and make all determinations necessary or appropriate to the administration of your Grant
Notice
 this Award Agreement and the Plan; all such determinations shall be binding upon you and your successors.


 The RSUs granted to you under pursuant this Award Agreement do not and
shall not entitle you to any rights of a holder of a Share of Company common stock.


 The RSUs create a contractual obligation on the part of the Company to
pay to you cash in connection with the vesting of the RSUs at the time provided for in this Award Agreement. Neither you nor any
other party claiming an interest under this Agreement shall have any interest whatsoever in any specific assets of the Company.
Your right to be paid cash under this Agreement is that of an unsecured general creditor of Company.


 Certain statutory materials relating to the Plan may be delivered
to you in electronic form. By accepting this grant
 you consent to electronic delivery and acknowledge receipt of these materials
including the Plan.

This Award Agreement is not a stock
certificate or a negotiable instrument.


    














     






 Inc.



    
    
    



    
    



    
    



    
    



    
    



    
    



    

 Canada

VIA

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    



    














     






Consent of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm


in Registration Statement No. 333-187974
 No. 333-213966 and No. 333-218243 on Form S-8 of Medifast
 Inc. of our reports dated
March 1
 2019
 relating to the consolidated financial statements
 and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
of Medifast
 Inc.
 appearing in the Annual Report to Shareholders
 which is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of
Medifast
 Inc. for the year ended December 31
 2018.




    
    




 Maryland

 2019


    














     









 Daniel R. Chard
 certify that:



I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Medifast




Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made




Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other
financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for




The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant




Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during




Designed such internal control over financial reporting
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance




Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures




Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect




The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed
 based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors




All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s
ability to record
 process




Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management





    


    

    
    
    
    
Chief Executive Officer



    














     









 Timothy G. Robinson
 certify that:


I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Medifast




Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made




Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other
financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for




I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting




Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during




Designed such internal control over financial reporting
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance




Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures




Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect




I have disclosed
 based on my most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s




All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s
ability to record
 process




Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management





    


    
    

    
    
    
    
Chief Financial Officer



    














     






MEDIFAST
 INC.


18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350



OF 2002


Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2018 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Daniel R. Chard
 Chief Executive Officer
 and I
 Timothy G. Robinson
 Chief Financial
Officer
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 to
the best of my knowledge
 that:


The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934
 as amended; and


The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition
and results of the operations of the Company.



    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
March 1
 2019

    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
March 1
 2019



    






















      

        



      
      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      




      


      




      

        



      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      
      




    




        


        




    


    



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts - &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Accounts receivable are recorded net of provisions for doubtful accounts.&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Allowances for doubtful accounts are based primarily on an analysis of aged accounts receivable balances and the credit worthiness of our clients as determined by credit checks and analysis
 as well as customer payment history.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The allowance for doubtful accounts as of December 31
 2018 and 2017 was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$394 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;thousand and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; thousand
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. The Company computes depreciation and amortization using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets acquired as follows:&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Courier New;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:03.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:28.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;Building and building improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:03.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:28.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt; - &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt; years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;Leasehold Improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:03.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:28.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;Lease term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;Equipment and fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:03.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:28.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt; - &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt; years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;Software&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:28.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:03.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:28.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;The total provision for income taxes for the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017



 respectively.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Those amounts have been allocated to the following financial statement items:&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Income from continuing operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;14
759&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;12
605&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;9
287&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Stockholders' equity
 unrealized (gains) losses on&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;investment securities &amp;amp; foreign currency&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;43&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;52&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(74)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Additional paid in capital
 share-based compensation tax benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(230)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Total provision for income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;14
802&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;12
657&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;8
983&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;The following table is a summary of the Company&amp;#x2019;s building rent expense for the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017 and 2016 (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:28.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:28.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:28.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.20%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.56%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.32%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.56%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.32%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.50%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:28.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times;color:#000000;&gt;Operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
918&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
842&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
276&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;5.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED EXPENSES &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;Accounts payable and accrued expenses consisted of the following (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:36.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:36.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 31
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:36.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Trade payables and accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.78%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;21
814&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;13
797&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:36.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Sales commissions payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;10
626&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;6
584&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:36.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Dividends payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;9
137&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;6
105&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:36.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Accrued payroll and related taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;8
309&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;7
707&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:36.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Coach incentive accruals&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5
546&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;417&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:36.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Promotional sales incentive accruals&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3
817&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
934&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:36.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Sales tax payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
074&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;596&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:36.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.78%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;60
323&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;37
140&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:36.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.78%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;

 except for the preparation
 layout
 design and production of advertising costs which are expensed when the advertisement is first used.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Advertising expense for continuing operations
 excluding broker fees
 for the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017
 and 2016



 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;11. ASSET IMPAIRMENT&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;During the second quarter of 2016
 the Company incurred a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$6.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million impairment charge in connection with the abandonment of software under development for the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;OPTA&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;VIA business unit.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The decision to abandon the software
 which was determined in the final stages of the quarterly close process
 was the result of an in depth analysis of proven alternatives available today in the market which are a better fit for our business going forward and the cost of these alternatives when compared to the ongoing development and maintenance of the abandoned software.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The impairment charge was recorded for the full value of the asset and has been included as part of selling
 general
 and administrative expense on the consolidated statements of income.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:bold;font-size:9pt;&gt;1.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;NATURE OF THE BUSINESS&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;Medifast
 Inc. (the &amp;#x201C;Company&amp;#x201D; or &amp;#x201C;Medifast&amp;#x201D;) is a Delaware corporation
 incorporated in 1989. The Company&amp;#x2019;s operations are primarily conducted through its wholly owned subsidiaries
 Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.

 LLC
 Jason Enterprises
 Inc.
 Jason Properties
 LLC
 Medifast Franchise Systems
 Inc.
 Medifast Nutrition
 Inc.
 Seven Crondall Associates
 LLC
 Corporate Events
 Inc.

 weight management and healthy living meal replacements
 snacks
 hydration products
 and vitamins.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The Company has one modern
 United States Food and Drug Administration (the &amp;#x201C;FDA&amp;#x201D;)-approved manufacturing facility located in Owings Mills
 Maryland.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;These products are sold through various means
 including the internet
 call center
 independent health advisors
 franchise weight loss clinics
 and direct consumer marketing supported via the phone and internet.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The processing
 formulation
 packaging
 labeling and advertising of the Company&amp;#x2019;s products are subject to regulation by one or more federal agencies
 including the FDA
 the Federal Trade Commission (the &amp;#x201C;FTC&amp;#x201D;)
 the Consumer Product Safety Commission
 the United States Department of Agriculture
 and the United States Environmental Protection Agency.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;

 institutional money funds and other short-term investments with a maturity of 90 days or less at the time of purchase. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;a name=_contentSection_39357634_be77_4b84_937a_&gt;&lt;/a&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;13.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;COMMITMENTS&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Operating Leases:&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 18pt 6pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;As of December 31
 2018
 the Company leases office space for its corporate offices and a raw materials warehouse in Maryland with approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; years remaining
 respectively.&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 18pt 6pt 0pt;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Future minimum rental and lease payments required under non-cancelable original lease terms in excess of one year as of December 31
 2018 (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt 18pt 0pt 0pt;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:60.96%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:23.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:60.96%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:37.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:60.96%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:23.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
496&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:60.96%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:23.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
528&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:60.96%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:23.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
562&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:60.96%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:23.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
222&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:60.96%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:23.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
155&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:60.96%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:23.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
582&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:60.96%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Total minimum lease payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.08%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:23.40%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;9
545&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;The following table is a summary of the Company&amp;#x2019;s building rent expense for the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017 and 2016 (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:28.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:28.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:28.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.20%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.56%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.32%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.56%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.32%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.50%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:28.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times;color:#000000;&gt;Operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
918&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
842&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
276&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Equipment lease expense for the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017
 and 2016 was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Unconditional purchase obligations:&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;At December 31
 2018
 the Company had &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$10.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million in unconditional purchase obligations primarily for outsourced warehousing
 information technology
 and inventory.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;a name=_contentSection_176e38fa_312d_40b2_bf9d_&gt;&lt;/a&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;9. ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The following table sets forth the components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax where applicable (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:45.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.54%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:45.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 31
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.54%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:45.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.98%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.54%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.98%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:45.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Foreign currency translation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(2)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.54%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:45.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Unrealized losses on marketable securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(171)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.54%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(160)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:45.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Accumulated other comprehensive loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.98%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(173)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.54%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.98%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(160)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;p style=margin:4.5pt 0pt 6pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Comprehensive Income - &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Other comprehensive income refers to revenues
 expenses
 gains and losses that are not included in net income but rather are recorded directly in stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity. Comprehensive income consists of net income
 unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities
 and foreign currency translation adjustments.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;

 and the balances with these financial institutions often exceed the amount of insurance provided on such accounts by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The cash and cash equivalents generally are maintained with financial institutions with reputable credit
 and therefore bear minimal credit risk. Historically
 we have not experienced any losses due to such concentration of credit risk. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;8.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Stock Options:&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The Company has issued non-qualified and incentive stock options to employees and nonemployee directors. The fair value of these options are estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model
 which requires estimates of the expected term of the option
 the risk-free interest rate
 the expected volatility of the price of the Company&amp;#x2019;s common stock
 and dividend yield. Options outstanding as of December 31
 2018 generally vest over a period of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;three&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; years and expire &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;ten&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; years from the date of grant. The exercise price of these options ranges from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$26.52&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$157.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;. Due to the Company&amp;#x2019;s lack of option exercise history
 the expected term is calculated using the simplified method defined as the midpoint between the vesting period and the contractual term of each option. The risk free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect on the date of grant that most closely corresponds to the expected term of the option. The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company&amp;#x2019;s common stock over the period of time equivalent to the expected term for each award. The dividend yield is computed as the annualized dividend rate at the grant divided by the strike price of the stock option.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; &amp;nbsp;The weighted average input assumptions used for the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017 and 2016 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:25.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:25.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=3 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:25.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:25.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:25.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Expected term (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;6.4&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;6.0&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;6.0&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:25.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2.64%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2.05%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.11%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:25.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Expected volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;33.30%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;38.33%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;42.22%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:25.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Dividend yield&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2.87%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2.40%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3.56%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The number of stock options and weighted-average exercise prices as of December 31
 2018 and 2017 are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:26.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:19.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:19.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:26.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=9 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:26.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=4 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=4 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:26.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Weighted-Average Exercise Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Weighted-Average Exercise Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:26.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;(shares in thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.72%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:19.84%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:19.84%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:26.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Outstanding at beginning of period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;106&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:19.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;31.18&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;129&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:19.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;28.22&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:26.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;51&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:19.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;67.50&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;38&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:19.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;44.73&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:26.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(42)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:19.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;29.91&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(27)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:19.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;27.34&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:26.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(8)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:19.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;31.09&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(31)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:19.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;38.64&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:26.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:19.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 3.25pt 0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(3)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:19.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;30.13&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:26.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Outstanding at end of the period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;107&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.72%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:19.84%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;49.26&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;106&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:19.84%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;31.18&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:26.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Exercisable at end of the period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;35&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.72%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:19.84%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;29.70&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;54&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:19.84%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;28.15&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;As of December 31
 2018
 the weighted-average remaining contractual life was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;7.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; years with an aggregate intrinsic value of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$8.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million for outstanding stock options and the weighted-average remaining contractual life was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;6.53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; years with an aggregate intrinsic value of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$3.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million for exercisable options.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted during the year ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$18.08&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$13.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 respectively.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The unrecognized compensation expense calculated under the fair value method for shares expected to vest as of December 31
 2018 was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;0.8 million &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;3.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; years.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The Company received &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;547&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; thousand and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;568&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; thousand in cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options during the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Upon exercising of options
 the Company withheld shares for employee taxes of 6 thousand and 44 thousand for years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$4.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$0.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 respectively.&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Restricted Stock:&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The Company has issued restricted stock to employees and nonemployee directors generally with vesting terms up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;five&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; years after the date of grant.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The fair value is equal to the market price of the Company&amp;#x2019;s common stock on the date of grant.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Expense for restricted stock is amortized ratably over the vesting period.&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;A summary of outstanding restricted stock and award activity as of December 31
 2018 and 2017 are as follows:&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:20.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:20.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=9 valign=bottom style=width:72.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=4 valign=bottom style=width:35.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=4 valign=bottom style=width:34.96%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:26.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.00%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:26.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:26.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:22.98%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:26.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:26.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.98%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:26.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:26.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:22.08%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:26.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;(shares in thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.00%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.78%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:20.20%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.98%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:20.18%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Outstanding at beginning of period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;129&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:20.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;32.15&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;215&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:20.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;27.69&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;19&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:20.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;86.51&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;44&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:20.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;44.73&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(91)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:20.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;32.00&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(120)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:20.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;28.27&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:20.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 3.25pt 0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(10)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:20.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;37.77&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Outstanding at end of the period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.00%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;57&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.78%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:20.20%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;50.55&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.98%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;129&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:20.18%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;32.15&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The total fair value of restricted stock awards vested during the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017
 and 2016 were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$8.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$6.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$3.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million
 respectively.&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The total share-based compensation charged against income during the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017
 and 2016 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;3.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;4.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$3.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million
 respectively.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The total costs of the options and restricted stock awards charged against income was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$2.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$3.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$2.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million during the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Also included in the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;63
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; thousand market and performance-based contingent shares for certain key executives
 respectively and in the year ended December 31
 2016 was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million for performance-based shares for certain key executives.&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Included for the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017 and 2016 was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million in expense for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;210
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; market and performance-based contingent shares granted to our CEO that will vest based on the achievement of certain Company performance targets.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The grant date fair value of the market and performance awards based on the Monte Carlo Method are &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 which will be recognized evenly through &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;December 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The total income tax benefit recognized in the consolidated statements of income for restricted stock awards was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$2.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million for the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017
 and 2016
 respectively.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The excess tax benefits from share-based compensation recognized in additional paid-in capital for the years ended December 31
 2016 was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; thousand
 respectively.&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;There was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$1.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock awards as of December 31
 2018
 which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;1.84&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; years.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;There was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million of unrecognized compensation cost related to the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;273
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; market and performance award shares discussed above as of December 31
 2018
 which is expected to be recognized over &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;one&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; year.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:4.5pt 0pt 6pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Earnings Per Share &amp;#x2013; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Basic earnings per share computations are calculated utilizing the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the periods presented.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Diluted EPS is calculated utilizing the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding adjusted for the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;a name=_contentSection_c9803f40_f8b1_4ebf_a05c_&gt;&lt;/a&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;6.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;EARNINGS PER SHARE&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Basic earnings per share (&amp;#x201C;EPS&amp;#x201D;) computations are calculated utilizing the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the periods presented.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Diluted EPS is calculated utilizing the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding adjusted for the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted EPS for the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017 and 2016 (in thousands
 except per share data):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:37.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:37.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=5 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=3 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:37.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:37.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.18%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:37.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Numerator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:04.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:37.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:04.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;55
789&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;27
721&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;17
835&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:37.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.18%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:37.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Denominator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:04.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:37.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:04.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;11
947&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;11
924&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;11
842&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:37.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Effect of dilutive common stock equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:04.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;132&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;164&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;105&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:37.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:04.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;12
079&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;12
088&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.18%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;11
947&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:37.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.18%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:37.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Earnings per share - basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4.67&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2.32&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.51&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:37.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.24%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.24%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.24%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.18%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:37.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Earnings per share - diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4.62&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2.29&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.49&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:4.5pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The calculation of diluted earnings per share excluded &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;298;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;3
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;35
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; antidilutive options outstanding for the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017
 and 2016 respectively.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The calculation of diluted earnings per share for the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017 and 2016 also excluded &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;258&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 &amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;93&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; antidilutive restricted stock awards
 respectively.&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;

 investment in available-for-sale securities
 and trade receivables. The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents
 and trade receivables approximate fair value due to their short maturities. The fair values of investment in available-for-sale securities are based on dealer quotes.&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;10.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Certain financial assets and liabilities are accounted for at fair value
 which is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The following fair value hierarchy prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value: &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Level 1 &amp;#x2013; Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. Active markets are those in which transactions for the asset or liability occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Level 2 &amp;#x2013; Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1
 which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date. Level 2 includes those financial instruments that are valued using models or other valuation methodologies. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Level 3 &amp;#x2013; Pricing inputs include significant inputs that are generally less observable from objective sources. These inputs may be used with internally developed methodologies that result in management&amp;#x2019;s best estimate of fair value from the perspective of a market participant.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The following tables present the Company&amp;#x2019;s cash and financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis for each of the hierarchy levels (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#FFFFFF;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=17 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Unrealized Losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Accrued Interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Estimated Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Cash &amp;amp; Cash Equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Investment Securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;35
436&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;35
436&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;35
436&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Level 1:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Certificate of deposit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;40
000&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;40
000&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;40
000&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Money market accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5
928&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5
928&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5
928&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Government &amp;amp; agency securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
835&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(72)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
763&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
763&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;48
763&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(72)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;48
691&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;45
928&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
763&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Level 2:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Municipal bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;16
791&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(164)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;280&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;16
907&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;16
907&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;100
990&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(236)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;280&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;101
034&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;81
364&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;19
670&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=17 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Unrealized Losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Accrued Interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Estimated Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Cash &amp;amp; Cash Equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Investment Securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;28
630&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;28
630&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;28
630&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Level 1:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Certificate of deposit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;45
000&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;45
000&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;45
000&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Money market accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
447&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
447&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
447&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Government &amp;amp; agency securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5
342&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(67)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;13&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5
288&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5
288&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;51
789&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(67)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;13&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;51
735&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;46
447&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5
288&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Level 2:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Municipal bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;18
404&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(201)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;266&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;18
469&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;18
469&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;98
823&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(268)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;279&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;98
834&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;75
077&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;23
757&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 6pt 36pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The Company had realized losses of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; thousand and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; thousand for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively
 and gains of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; thousand for the year ended December 31
 2016.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;As of December 31
 2018
 2017
 and 2016
 gross unrealized losses and gains related to individual securities that had been in a continuous loss position for 12 months or longer were not significant.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The maturities of the Company&amp;#x2019;s investment securities generally range up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; years for municipal bonds and for government and agency securities.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Long-lived Fixed Asset Impairment - &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows
 an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;a name=_contentSection_32856677_eea5_4093_a263_&gt;&lt;/a&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:bold;font-size:9pt;&gt;12. INCOME TAXES&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;Income tax expense for the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017
 and 2016 consisted of the following (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;16
398&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;12
448&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;11
605&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
048&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;780&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;511&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Total current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;17
446&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;13
228&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;12
116&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(2
393)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(667)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(3
078)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(89)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(63)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;253&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(205)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;107&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(4)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Total deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(2
687)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(623)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(2
829)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Provision for income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;14
759&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;12
605&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;9
287&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;The total provision for income taxes for the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017



 respectively.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Those amounts have been allocated to the following financial statement items:&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Income from continuing operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;14
759&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;12
605&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;9
287&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Stockholders' equity
 unrealized (gains) losses on&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;investment securities &amp;amp; foreign currency&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;43&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;52&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(74)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Additional paid in capital
 share-based compensation tax benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(230)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Total provision for income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;14
802&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;12
657&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;8
983&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;Significant components of the Company&amp;#x2019;s deferred tax assets (liabilities) consisted of the following: (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:54.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:54.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:54.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:54.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Reserves on inventory and sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;647&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;233&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:54.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Credit and loss carryforwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;681&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;494&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:54.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Stock compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;812&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;952&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:54.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Accrued expenses and deferred costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
473&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;642&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:54.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Inventory capitalization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;275&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;229&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:54.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Unrealized gain on investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;65&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;74&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:54.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4
953&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
624&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:54.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:54.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Prepaid expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(774)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(667)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:54.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(1
199)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(2
165)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:54.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(1
973)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(2
832)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:54.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:54.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Net deferred tax asset (liabilities)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
980&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(208)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:54.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;The reconciliation of the United States federal statutory tax provision to the Company's provision for income taxes for the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017
 and 2016 (in thousands
 except percentages):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.46%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.46%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=4 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=4 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=4 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.46%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Statutory federal tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;14
815&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;21.0%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;14
114&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;35.0%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;9
493&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;35.0%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.46%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;State income taxes
 net of federal benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;769&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.1%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;446&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.1%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;797&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2.9%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.46%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Foreign taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;174&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.3%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(77)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;-0.2%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.0%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.46%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Domestic manufacturer deduction&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.0%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(870)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;-2.2%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(920)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;-3.4%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.46%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Share-based compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(1
852)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;-2.6%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(1
191)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;-3.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.0%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.46%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Other permanent differences&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;615&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.8%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;147&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.4%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;41&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.2%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.46%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Research and development and jobs credits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(85)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;-0.1%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.0%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(163)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;-0.6%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.46%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Effect of Federal tax law change&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.0%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(222)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;-0.6%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.0%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.46%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;323&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.4%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;258&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.8%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;36&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.1%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.46%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Provision for income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;14
759&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;20.9%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;12
605&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;31.3%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;9
287&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;34.2%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;On December 22
 2017
 the President of the United States signed into law the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the &amp;#x201C;Act&amp;#x201D;). The Act amends the Internal Revenue Code to reduce tax rates and modify policies
 credits
 and deductions for individuals and businesses. For businesses
 the Act reduces the corporate federal tax rate from a maximum of 35% to a flat 21% rate. The rate reduction took effect on January 1


 which had been recorded as a reduction of income tax expense in the Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31

		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;In addition
 the 2018 and 2017 effective tax rate was impacted by the excess tax benefit from share-based compensation activity which is reflected as a reduction of the provision for income taxes
 where as they were previously recognized in equity. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;In 2017
 the effective tax rate was not impacted by the Company&amp;#x2019;s &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;research &amp;amp; development credits. However

		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;In 2016
 the effective tax rate was impacted by the Company&amp;#x2019;s extensive state income tax planning.&amp;nbsp; This planning includes taking advantage of Maryland&amp;#x2019;s apportionment methodology.&amp;nbsp; As a manufacturing entity based in Maryland

		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;

 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more-likely-than-not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above is reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;We evaluated our tax positions and determined that we did not have any material uncertain tax positions. Our policy is to recognize interest and penalties accrued on uncertain tax positions as part of income tax expense. For the years ending December 31
 2018 and 2017
 no material estimated interest or penalties were recognized for the uncertainty of certain tax positions. We file income tax returns in the United States
 and various states and foreign jurisdictions.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;We are generally no longer subject to United States federal
 state
 and local income tax examinations by tax authorities for the years before 2015.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;Deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;3.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;INVENTORIES&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Inventories consist principally of packaged meal replacements held in the Company&amp;#x2019;s warehouses.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value
 utilizing the first-in
 first-out method.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The cost of finished goods includes the cost of raw materials
 packaging supplies
 direct and indirect labor and other indirect manufacturing costs.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;On a quarterly basis
 management reviews inventory for unsalable or obsolete inventory.&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Inventories consisted of the following (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt 13.5pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:32.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:32.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 31
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:32.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.12%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.10%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:32.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Raw materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;11
156&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4
348&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:32.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Packaging&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
563&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
185&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:32.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Non-food finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
391&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;920&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:32.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;25
509&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;13
407&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:32.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Reserve for obsolete inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(1
731)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(532)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:32.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.12%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;38
888&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.10%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;19
328&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Inventory - &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Inventories consist principally of packaged meal replacements held in the Company&amp;#x2019;s warehouses.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value
 utilizing the first-in
 first-out method.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The cost of finished goods includes the cost of raw materials
 packaging supplies
 direct and indirect labor and other indirect manufacturing costs.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;On a quarterly basis
 management reviews inventory for unsalable or obsolete inventory.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Investment Securities &amp;#x2013;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The Company&amp;#x2019;s investments consist of debt securities classified as available-for-sale securities.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Available-for-sale debt securities are stated at fair value
 and unrealized holding gains and losses
 net of the related deferred tax effect
 are reported as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in stockholders' equity.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Interest and dividends on marketable debt and equity securities are recognized in income when declared. Realized gains and losses
 including losses from declines in value of specific securities determined by management to be other-than-temporary
 if any
 are included in income. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;;font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Operating Leases -&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; Medifast&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; leases retail stores
 distribution facilities
 and office space under operating leases.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Many of our lease agreements contain tenant improvement allowances
 rent holidays
 rent escalation clauses
 and contingent rent provisions.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The Company recognizes incentives and minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;We commence recording rent expense on the date of initial possession
 which is generally when we enter the space and begin to make improvements to properties for our intended use.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;For tenant improvement allowances and rent holidays
 we record a deferred rent liability on the consolidated balance sheets and amortize the deferred rent over the terms of the leases as reductions to rent expense on the consolidated statements of income.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;For scheduled rent escalation clauses during the lease terms or for rental payments commencing at a date other than the date of initial occupancy
 we record minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases on the consolidated statements of income.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Several leases provide for contingent rents
 which are determined as a percentage of gross sales in excess of specified levels.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;We record a contingent rent liability on the consolidated balance sheets and the corresponding rent expense when we determine achieving the specified levels is probable.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:bold;font-size:9pt;&gt;Accounting Pronouncements - Adopted in 2018&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-style:italic;&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;. The new revenue recognition standard requires the Company to recognize revenue for the transfer of goods or services to clients for the amount the Company expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for those goods or services. The Company is required to identify the contract
 identify the relevant performance obligations
 determine the transaction price
 allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract
 and recognize the revenue when the entity satisfies a performance obligation. Companies have the option of using either a full retrospective or a modified retrospective approach to adopt the guidance. On January 1
 2018
 the Company adopted the new revenue standard on a modified retrospective basis and recorded an after-tax transition adjustment to reduce retained earnings as of January 1
 2018 by &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million. This is comprised of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$5.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million of revenue offset by &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$3.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million of inventory costs
 deferred shipping expense
 credit card fees and income taxes. The results of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-style:italic;&gt;ASC 606&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; primarily impact the Company&amp;#x2019;s timing of revenue recognition for product shipments
 as product revenue is recognized upon customer receipt instead of at the time of shipment. The new standard requires more extensive revenue-related disclosures.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;As required by &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-style:italic;&gt;ASC 606&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 the impact of the adoption of the new revenue standard on our Consolidated Statements of Income and Consolidated Balance Sheets was as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=8 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Year ended December 31
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:26.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:26.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:26.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;As Reported&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:26.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:26.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Balances without adoption of ASC 606&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:26.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:26.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Effect of Change&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;501
003&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;499
195&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
808&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;121
104&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;120
590&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(514)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;379
899&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;378
605&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
294&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Selling
 general
 and administrative&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;310
836&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;309
851&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(985)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Income from operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;69
063&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;68
754&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;309&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Other income (expense)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Interest income
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
306&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
306&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Other income (expense)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;179&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;179&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
485&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
485&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Income from operations before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;70
548&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;70
239&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;309&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Provision for income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;14
759&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;14
696&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(63)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;55
789&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;55
543&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;246&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Earnings per share - basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4.67&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4.65&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.02&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Earnings per share - diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4.62&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4.60&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.02&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Weighted average shares outstanding -&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;11
947&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;11
947&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;12
079&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;12
079&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;;font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;background-color:yellow;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;background-color:yellow;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;background-color:yellow;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=8 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;As Reported&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Balances without adoption of ASC 606&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Effect of Change&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;ASSETS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Accounts receivable
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
011&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;81&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;930&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;38
888&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;38
421&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;467&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4
586&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4
509&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;77&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
980&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
498&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;482&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;LIABILITIES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Accounts payable and accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;60
323&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;56
595&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3
728&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Retained earnings &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;131
344&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;133
116&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(1
772)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;background-color:yellow;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;background-color:yellow;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:31.50pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:31.50pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:31.50pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Balance at December 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:31.50pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:31.50pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Adjustments due to ASC 606&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:31.50pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:31.50pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Balance at January 1
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;ASSETS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Accounts receivable
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;576&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;557&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
133&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;19
328&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;902&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;20
230&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4
188&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;116&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4
304&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;336&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;336&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;LIABILITIES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Accounts payable and accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;37
140&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4
137&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;41
277&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;208&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(208)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Retained earnings &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;103
762&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(2
018)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;101
744&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;background-color:yellow;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;In January 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-01
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-style:italic;&gt;Financial Instruments- Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The main objective of this update is to enhance the reporting model for financial instruments to provide users of financial statements with more decision-useful information.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The new guidance addresses certain aspects of recognition
 measurement
 presentation
 and disclosure of financial instruments. Most notably ASU 2016-01 requires the change in fair value of available for sale equity securities to be recognized in net income.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The pronouncement also requires the use of the exit price notion
 the separate presentation of financial assets and liabilities by measurement category and form of asset
 and the separate presentation in other comprehensive income of changes in fair value resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The pronouncement is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017
 including interim periods within those fiscal years.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The Company adopted this standard and it had no material impact of the Company&amp;#x2019;s financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:bold;font-size:9pt;&gt;Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements &amp;#x2013; Pending Adoption&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;We have considered all new accounting pronouncements and have concluded that there are no new pronouncements that may have a material impact on our results of operations
 financial condition
 or cash flows
 based on current information
 except for:&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-style:italic;&gt;Leases (ASU 2016-02)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 which
 among other things
 requires an entity to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases
 including operating leases
 with a term greater than twelve months. Expanded disclosures with additional qualitative and quantitative information will also be required. ASU 2016-02 and its amendments are effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018 and early adoption is permitted.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;In July 2018
 the FASB issued amendments in ASU 2018-11
 which provide a transition election to not restate comparative periods for the effects of applying the new standard. This transition election permits entities to change the date of initial application to the beginning of the year of adoption and to recognize the effects of applying the new standard as a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings. The Company has elected this transition approach and will recognize the cumulative impact of adoption in the opening balance of retained earnings as of January 1
 2019. The Company is essentially complete with it evaluation of the new standard and prepare to implement the new standard in the first quarter condensed consolidated financial statements of 2019. Upon adoption
 we expect to record right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities between &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$10.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$12.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million in our Consolidated Balance Sheets&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 18pt 6pt 0pt;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Future minimum rental and lease payments required under non-cancelable original lease terms in excess of one year as of December 31
 2018 (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt 18pt 0pt 0pt;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:60.96%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:23.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:60.96%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:37.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:60.96%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:23.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
496&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:60.96%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:23.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
528&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:60.96%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:23.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
562&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:60.96%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:23.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
222&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:60.96%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:23.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
155&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:60.96%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:23.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
582&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:60.96%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Total minimum lease payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.08%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:23.40%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;9
545&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;

 Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.

 LLC
 Jason Enterprises
 Inc.
 Jason Properties
 LLC
 Medifast Franchise Systems
 Inc.
 Medifast Nutrition
 Inc.
 Seven Crondall Associates
 LLC
 Corporate Events
 Inc.

		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;

		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;4.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Property
 plant
 and equipment consisted of the following (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:45.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:45.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:18.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:18.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:18.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 31
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:18.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:18.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:45.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Land&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.90%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.06%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;565&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.90%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.06%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;565&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:45.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Building and leasehold improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;12
881&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;13
042&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:45.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Equipment and fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;12
187&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;13
099&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:45.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Software&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;28
683&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;25
214&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:45.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;145&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;149&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:45.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment- gross&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.90%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.06%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;54
461&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.90%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.06%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;52
069&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:45.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Less accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.90%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.06%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;34
714&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.90%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.06%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;33
458&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:45.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment- net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.90%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.06%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;19
747&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.90%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.06%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;18
611&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Depreciation expense for continuing operations for the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017 and 2016 was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$3.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 &amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$4.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$5.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 respectively.&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Property
 Plant
 and Equipment - &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. The Company computes depreciation and amortization using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets acquired as follows:&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Courier New;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:03.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:28.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;Building and building improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:03.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:28.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt; - &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt; years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;Leasehold Improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:03.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:28.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;Lease term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;Equipment and fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:03.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:28.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt; - &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt; years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;Software&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:28.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:03.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:28.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;The depreciation life for leasehold improvements is the lesser of the estimated useful life of the addition or the term of the related lease.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Property
 plant
 and equipment consisted of the following (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:45.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:45.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:18.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:18.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:18.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 31
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:18.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:18.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:45.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Land&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.90%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.06%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;565&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.90%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.06%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;565&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:45.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Building and leasehold improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;12
881&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;13
042&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:45.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Equipment and fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;12
187&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;13
099&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:45.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Software&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;28
683&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;25
214&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:45.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;145&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;149&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:45.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment- gross&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.90%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.06%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;54
461&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.90%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.06%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;52
069&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:45.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Less accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.90%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.06%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;34
714&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.90%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.06%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;33
458&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:45.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment- net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.90%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.06%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;19
747&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.90%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.06%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;18
611&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;

		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:bold;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:bold;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=11 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;(in thousands
 except per share amounts)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;First&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Second&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Third&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Fourth&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;98
596&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;117
324&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;139
239&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;145
844&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;74
808&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;88
799&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;107
201&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;109
091&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Income from operations before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;14
931&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;17
619&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;17
828&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;20
170&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;12
222&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;14
133&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;13
781&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;15
653&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Basic earnings per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.02&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.17&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.15&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.32&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Diluted earnings per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.01&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.16&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.14&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.30&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;70
622&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;75
729&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;77
205&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;78
007&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;52
892&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;57
611&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;58
183&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;59
126&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Income from operations before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;8
711&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;11
448&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;10
371&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;9
796&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;6
145&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;7
584&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;6
686&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;7
306&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Basic earnings per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.52&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.64&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.56&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.61&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Diluted earnings per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.51&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.63&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.55&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.60&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Courier New;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;Earnings per share (sometimes referred to as &amp;#x201C;EPS&amp;#x201D;) is computed independently for each of the quarters presented; accordingly
 the sum of the quarterly earnings per share may not equal the total computed for the year. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;;font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Courier New;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:12pt 0pt 6pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Research and Development- &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The Company incurs research and development costs in connection with the development of new products and programs
 which are expensed as incurred.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The Company incurred &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$2.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$1.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million in research and development expense for the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017
 and 2016
 respectively. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;

 weight management
 and other consumable health and nutritional products.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Revenue is recognized upon receipt by customer and net of discounts
 rebates
 promotional adjustments
 price adjustments
 allocated consideration to loyalty programs and estimated returns.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;Revenue is recognized when control of the promised products are transferred to our clients
 in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for transferring those products.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;When determining whether the customer has obtained control the products
 we consider any future performance obligations.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer

 or as
 the performance obligation is satisfied. Our contracts have performance obligations to fulfill and deliver products from the point of sale transaction along with the related customer reward programs. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;Our performance obligations are satisfied at a point in time. Revenue from products transferred to clients at a point in time accounted for substantially all of our revenue for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017. Revenue on these contracts is recognized when obligations under the terms of the contract with our customer are satisfied.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Generally
 this occurs with the transfer of control upon receipt of products by our clients.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Any consideration received prior to the fulfillment of the Company performance obligation is deferred and recognized as a liability. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:italic;font-size:9pt;&gt;Sales returns&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;Our return policy allows for customer returns within 30 days of purchase and upon our authorization. We adjust revenues for the products expected to be returned and a liability is recognized for expected refunds to clients.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;We estimate expected returns based on historical levels and project this experience into the future.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:italic;font-size:9pt;&gt;Customer reward programs and sales incentives&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;Our sales contracts may give clients the option to purchase additional products priced at a discount.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Options to acquire additional products at a discount can come in many forms
 such as customer reward programs and incentive offerings including pricing arrangements
 and promotions.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;We reduce the transaction price for certain customer reward programs and incentive offerings including pricing arrangements
 promotions
 incentives that represent variable consideration and separate performance obligations. The Company accounts for sales rewards as a separate performance obligation of the transactions
 and therefore allocates consideration between the initial sale of products and the customer reward program and incentive offering. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:italic;font-size:9pt;&gt;Shipping and handling costs&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;Amounts billed to clients for shipping and handling activities are treated as a promised service performance obligation and recorded in revenue in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income upon fulfillment of the performance obligation. Shipping and handling costs incurred by the Company for the delivery of products to clients are considered a cost to fulfill the contract and are included in cost of sales in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:italic;font-size:9pt;&gt;Contract costs&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;We expense sales commissions and credit card fees during the period in which the corresponding revenue is earned.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;These costs are deferred along with the revenues for goods that are in transit and not received by clients by period end.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;These costs are recorded in selling
 general and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:italic;font-size:9pt;&gt;Disaggregated revenue and entity-wide revenue disclosures&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;The nature
 amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows from our revenues amongst contracts
 product offerings and clients do not differentiate and are recognized consistently based on policies discussed above. In addition
 effective January 1
 2018
 we changed how we internally and externally report our revenues to simplify and align with changes in how we manage our business

 the management structure directly accountable to our chief operating decision maker for operating and administrative activities

 Medifast Direct
 Franchise Medifast Weight Control Centers and Medifast Wholesale.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Due to the interchangeable nature of these clients amongst sale channels

 and realignment of internal operations as discussed
 our disclosures as of January 1
 2018 will not include revenues by sales channel.&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;Accounts payable and accrued expenses consisted of the following (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:36.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:36.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 31
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:36.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Trade payables and accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.78%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;21
814&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;13
797&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:36.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Sales commissions payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;10
626&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;6
584&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:36.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Dividends payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;9
137&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;6
105&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:36.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Accrued payroll and related taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;8
309&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;7
707&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:36.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Coach incentive accruals&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5
546&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;417&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:36.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Promotional sales incentive accruals&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3
817&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
934&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:36.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Sales tax payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
074&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;596&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:36.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.78%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;60
323&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;37
140&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:36.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.78%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.42%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:24.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The following table sets forth the components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax where applicable (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:45.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.54%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:45.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 31
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.54%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:45.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.98%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.54%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.98%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:45.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Foreign currency translation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(2)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.54%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:45.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Unrealized losses on marketable securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(171)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.54%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(160)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:45.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Accumulated other comprehensive loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.98%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(173)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.54%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:21.98%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(160)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The following tables present the Company&amp;#x2019;s cash and financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis for each of the hierarchy levels (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#FFFFFF;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=17 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Unrealized Losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Accrued Interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Estimated Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Cash &amp;amp; Cash Equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Investment Securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;35
436&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;35
436&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;35
436&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Level 1:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Certificate of deposit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;40
000&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;40
000&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;40
000&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Money market accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5
928&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5
928&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5
928&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Government &amp;amp; agency securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
835&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(72)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
763&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
763&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;48
763&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(72)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;48
691&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;45
928&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
763&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Level 2:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Municipal bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;16
791&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(164)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;280&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;16
907&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;16
907&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;100
990&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(236)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;280&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;101
034&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;81
364&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;19
670&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=17 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Unrealized Losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Accrued Interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Estimated Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Cash &amp;amp; Cash Equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:36.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Investment Securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;28
630&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;28
630&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;28
630&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Level 1:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Certificate of deposit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;45
000&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;45
000&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;45
000&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Money market accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
447&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
447&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
447&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Government &amp;amp; agency securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5
342&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(67)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;13&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5
288&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5
288&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;51
789&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(67)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;13&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;51
735&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;46
447&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5
288&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Level 2:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Municipal bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;18
404&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(201)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;266&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;18
469&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;18
469&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;98
823&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(268)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;279&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;98
834&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;75
077&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.34%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;23
757&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:23.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.28%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.34%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.24%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;Income tax expense for the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017
 and 2016 consisted of the following (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;16
398&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;12
448&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;11
605&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
048&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;780&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;511&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Total current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;17
446&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;13
228&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;12
116&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(2
393)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(667)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(3
078)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(89)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(63)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;253&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(205)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;107&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(4)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Total deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(2
687)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(623)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(2
829)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:44.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Provision for income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;14
759&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;12
605&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.88%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;9
287&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;Significant components of the Company&amp;#x2019;s deferred tax assets (liabilities) consisted of the following: (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:54.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:54.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:54.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:54.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Reserves on inventory and sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;647&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;233&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:54.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Credit and loss carryforwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;681&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;494&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:54.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Stock compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;812&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;952&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:54.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Accrued expenses and deferred costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
473&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;642&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:54.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Inventory capitalization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;275&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;229&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:54.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Unrealized gain on investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;65&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;74&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:54.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4
953&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
624&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:54.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:54.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Prepaid expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(774)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(667)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:54.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(1
199)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(2
165)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:54.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(1
973)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(2
832)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:54.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:54.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Net deferred tax asset (liabilities)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
980&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(208)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:54.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.52%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:18.30%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted EPS for the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017 and 2016 (in thousands
 except per share data):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:37.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:37.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=5 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=3 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:37.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:37.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.18%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:37.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Numerator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:04.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:37.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:04.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;55
789&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;27
721&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;17
835&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:37.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.18%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:37.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Denominator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:04.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:37.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:04.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;11
947&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;11
924&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;11
842&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:37.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Effect of dilutive common stock equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:04.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;132&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;164&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;105&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:37.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:04.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;12
079&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;12
088&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.18%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;11
947&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:37.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.18%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:37.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Earnings per share - basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4.67&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2.32&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.51&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:37.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.24%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.24%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top style=width:02.24%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.18%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:37.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Earnings per share - diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4.62&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2.29&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.49&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;The reconciliation of the United States federal statutory tax provision to the Company's provision for income taxes for the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017
 and 2016 (in thousands
 except percentages):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.46%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.46%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=4 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=4 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=4 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.46%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Statutory federal tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;14
815&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;21.0%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;14
114&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;35.0%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;9
493&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;35.0%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.46%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;State income taxes
 net of federal benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;769&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.1%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;446&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.1%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;797&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2.9%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.46%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Foreign taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;174&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.3%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(77)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;-0.2%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.0%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.46%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Domestic manufacturer deduction&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.0%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(870)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;-2.2%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(920)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;-3.4%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.46%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Share-based compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(1
852)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;-2.6%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(1
191)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;-3.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.0%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.46%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Other permanent differences&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;615&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.8%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;147&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.4%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;41&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.2%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.46%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Research and development and jobs credits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(85)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;-0.1%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.0%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(163)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;-0.6%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.46%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Effect of Federal tax law change&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.0%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(222)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;-0.6%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.0%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.46%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;323&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.4%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;258&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.8%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;36&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.1%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.46%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Provision for income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;14
759&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;20.9%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;12
605&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;31.3%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.14%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;9
287&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.30%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;34.2%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Inventories consisted of the following (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt 13.5pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:32.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:32.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 31
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:32.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.12%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.10%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:32.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Raw materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;11
156&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4
348&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:32.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Packaging&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
563&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
185&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:32.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Non-food finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
391&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;920&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:32.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;25
509&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;13
407&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:32.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Reserve for obsolete inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(1
731)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(532)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:32.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.12%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;38
888&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.10%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;19
328&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;As required by &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-style:italic;&gt;ASC 606&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 the impact of the adoption of the new revenue standard on our Consolidated Statements of Income and Consolidated Balance Sheets was as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=8 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Year ended December 31
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:26.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:26.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:26.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;As Reported&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:26.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:26.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Balances without adoption of ASC 606&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:26.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:26.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Effect of Change&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;501
003&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;499
195&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
808&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;121
104&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;120
590&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(514)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;379
899&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;378
605&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
294&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Selling
 general
 and administrative&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;310
836&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;309
851&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(985)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Income from operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;69
063&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;68
754&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;309&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Other income (expense)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Interest income
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
306&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
306&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Other income (expense)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;179&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;179&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
485&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
485&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Income from operations before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;70
548&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;70
239&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;309&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Provision for income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;14
759&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;14
696&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(63)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;55
789&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;55
543&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;246&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Earnings per share - basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4.67&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4.65&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.02&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Earnings per share - diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4.62&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4.60&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.02&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Weighted average shares outstanding -&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;11
947&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;11
947&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;12
079&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;12
079&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;;font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;background-color:yellow;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;background-color:yellow;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;background-color:yellow;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=8 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;As Reported&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Balances without adoption of ASC 606&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Effect of Change&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;ASSETS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Accounts receivable
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
011&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;81&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;930&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;38
888&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;38
421&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;467&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4
586&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4
509&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;77&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
980&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
498&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;482&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;LIABILITIES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Accounts payable and accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;60
323&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;56
595&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3
728&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Retained earnings &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;131
344&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;133
116&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(1
772)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;background-color:yellow;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;background-color:yellow;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:31.50pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:31.50pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:31.50pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Balance at December 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:31.50pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:31.50pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Adjustments due to ASC 606&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:31.50pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:31.50pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Balance at January 1
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;ASSETS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Accounts receivable
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;576&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;557&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
133&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;19
328&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;902&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;20
230&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4
188&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;116&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4
304&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;336&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;336&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;LIABILITIES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Accounts payable and accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;37
140&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4
137&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;41
277&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;208&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(208)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Retained earnings &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;103
762&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(2
018)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;101
744&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;A summary of outstanding restricted stock and award activity as of December 31
 2018 and 2017 are as follows:&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:20.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:20.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=9 valign=bottom style=width:72.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=4 valign=bottom style=width:35.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=4 valign=bottom style=width:34.96%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:26.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.00%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:26.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:26.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:22.98%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:26.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:26.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.98%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:26.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:26.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:22.08%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:26.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;(shares in thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.00%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.78%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:20.20%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.98%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:20.18%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Outstanding at beginning of period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;129&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:20.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;32.15&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;215&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:20.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;27.69&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;19&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:20.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;86.51&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;44&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:20.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;44.73&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(91)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:20.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;32.00&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(120)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:20.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;28.27&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.00%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:20.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 3.25pt 0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(10)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:20.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;37.77&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:27.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Outstanding at end of the period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.00%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;57&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.78%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:20.20%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;50.55&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.98%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;129&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.90%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:20.18%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;32.15&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:bold;font-size:9pt;&gt;SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (unaudited)&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:bold;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:bold;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=11 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;(in thousands
 except per share amounts)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;First&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Second&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Third&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Fourth&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;98
596&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;117
324&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;139
239&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;145
844&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;74
808&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;88
799&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;107
201&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;109
091&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Income from operations before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;14
931&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;17
619&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;17
828&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;20
170&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;12
222&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;14
133&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;13
781&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;15
653&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Basic earnings per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.02&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.17&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.15&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.32&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Diluted earnings per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.01&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.16&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.14&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.30&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;70
622&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;75
729&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;77
205&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;78
007&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;52
892&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;57
611&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;58
183&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;59
126&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Income from operations before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;8
711&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;11
448&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;10
371&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;9
796&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;6
145&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;7
584&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;6
686&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;7
306&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Basic earnings per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.52&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.64&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.56&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.61&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Diluted earnings per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.51&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.63&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.55&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.60&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:39.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.50%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The number of stock options and weighted-average exercise prices as of December 31
 2018 and 2017 are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:26.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:19.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:19.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:26.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=9 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:26.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=4 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=4 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:26.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Weighted-Average Exercise Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Weighted-Average Exercise Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:26.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;(shares in thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.72%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:19.84%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:19.84%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:26.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Outstanding at beginning of period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;106&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:19.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;31.18&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;129&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:19.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;28.22&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:26.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;51&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:19.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;67.50&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;38&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:19.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;44.73&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:26.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(42)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:19.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;29.91&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(27)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:19.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;27.34&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:26.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(8)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:19.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;31.09&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(31)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:19.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;38.64&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:26.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:19.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 3.25pt 0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(3)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:19.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;30.13&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:26.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Outstanding at end of the period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;107&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.72%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:19.84%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;49.26&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;106&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:19.84%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;31.18&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:26.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Exercisable at end of the period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;35&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.72%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:19.84%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;29.70&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.78%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;54&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:19.84%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;28.15&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The weighted average input assumptions used for the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017 and 2016 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:25.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:25.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=3 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:25.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:25.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:25.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Expected term (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;6.4&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;6.0&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;6.0&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:25.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2.64%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2.05%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.11%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:25.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Expected volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;33.30%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;38.33%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;42.22%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:25.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Dividend yield&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2.87%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2.40%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:22.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3.56%&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:4.5pt 0pt 6pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Share-Based Compensation - &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Share-based&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; compensation consists primarily of restricted stock awards
 market- and performance-based share awards
 and stock options granted to employees and directors.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Restricted stock awards are measured at the grant date
 based on the calculated fair value of the award
 and are recognized as an expense over the requisite service period.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The fair value of the incentive stock options and non-qualified stock options is calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model as of the grant date and recognized over the service period.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Market and performance-based share awards that are tied to the Company&amp;#x2019;s total shareholder return and stock price are valued using the Monte Carlo method and are recognized as expense over the award&amp;#x2019;s achievement period.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The Company issues new shares upon the exercise of stock options and the granting of restricted stock awards.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:bold;font-size:9pt;&gt;2.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;

 Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.

 LLC
 Jason Enterprises
 Inc.
 Jason Properties
 LLC
 Medifast Franchise Systems
 Inc.
 Medifast Nutrition
 Inc.
 Seven Crondall Associates
 LLC
 Corporate Events
 Inc.

		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;

		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;

		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;

 institutional money funds and other short-term investments with a maturity of 90 days or less at the time of purchase. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;

 and the balances with these financial institutions often exceed the amount of insurance provided on such accounts by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The cash and cash equivalents generally are maintained with financial institutions with reputable credit
 and therefore bear minimal credit risk. Historically
 we have not experienced any losses due to such concentration of credit risk. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;

 investment in available-for-sale securities
 and trade receivables. The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents
 and trade receivables approximate fair value due to their short maturities. The fair values of investment in available-for-sale securities are based on dealer quotes.&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts - &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Accounts receivable are recorded net of provisions for doubtful accounts.&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Allowances for doubtful accounts are based primarily on an analysis of aged accounts receivable balances and the credit worthiness of our clients as determined by credit checks and analysis
 as well as customer payment history.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The allowance for doubtful accounts as of December 31
 2018 and 2017 was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$394 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;thousand and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; thousand
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Inventory - &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Inventories consist principally of packaged meal replacements held in the Company&amp;#x2019;s warehouses.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value
 utilizing the first-in
 first-out method.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The cost of finished goods includes the cost of raw materials
 packaging supplies
 direct and indirect labor and other indirect manufacturing costs.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;On a quarterly basis
 management reviews inventory for unsalable or obsolete inventory.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Investment Securities &amp;#x2013;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The Company&amp;#x2019;s investments consist of debt securities classified as available-for-sale securities.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Available-for-sale debt securities are stated at fair value
 and unrealized holding gains and losses
 net of the related deferred tax effect
 are reported as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in stockholders' equity.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Interest and dividends on marketable debt and equity securities are recognized in income when declared. Realized gains and losses
 including losses from declines in value of specific securities determined by management to be other-than-temporary
 if any
 are included in income. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;;font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Property
 Plant
 and Equipment - &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. The Company computes depreciation and amortization using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets acquired as follows:&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Courier New;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:03.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:28.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;Building and building improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:03.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:28.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt; - &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt; years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;Leasehold Improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:03.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:28.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;Lease term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;Equipment and fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:03.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:28.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt; - &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt; years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;Software&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:03.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:28.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:03.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:28.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;The depreciation life for leasehold improvements is the lesser of the estimated useful life of the addition or the term of the related lease.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Long-lived Fixed Asset Impairment - &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows
 an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;

 weight management
 and other consumable health and nutritional products.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Revenue is recognized upon receipt by customer and net of discounts
 rebates
 promotional adjustments
 price adjustments
 allocated consideration to loyalty programs and estimated returns.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;Revenue is recognized when control of the promised products are transferred to our clients
 in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for transferring those products.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;When determining whether the customer has obtained control the products
 we consider any future performance obligations.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer

 or as
 the performance obligation is satisfied. Our contracts have performance obligations to fulfill and deliver products from the point of sale transaction along with the related customer reward programs. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;Our performance obligations are satisfied at a point in time. Revenue from products transferred to clients at a point in time accounted for substantially all of our revenue for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017. Revenue on these contracts is recognized when obligations under the terms of the contract with our customer are satisfied.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Generally
 this occurs with the transfer of control upon receipt of products by our clients.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Any consideration received prior to the fulfillment of the Company performance obligation is deferred and recognized as a liability. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:italic;font-size:9pt;&gt;Sales returns&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;Our return policy allows for customer returns within 30 days of purchase and upon our authorization. We adjust revenues for the products expected to be returned and a liability is recognized for expected refunds to clients.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;We estimate expected returns based on historical levels and project this experience into the future.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:italic;font-size:9pt;&gt;Customer reward programs and sales incentives&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;Our sales contracts may give clients the option to purchase additional products priced at a discount.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Options to acquire additional products at a discount can come in many forms
 such as customer reward programs and incentive offerings including pricing arrangements
 and promotions.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;We reduce the transaction price for certain customer reward programs and incentive offerings including pricing arrangements
 promotions
 incentives that represent variable consideration and separate performance obligations. The Company accounts for sales rewards as a separate performance obligation of the transactions
 and therefore allocates consideration between the initial sale of products and the customer reward program and incentive offering. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:italic;font-size:9pt;&gt;Shipping and handling costs&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;Amounts billed to clients for shipping and handling activities are treated as a promised service performance obligation and recorded in revenue in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income upon fulfillment of the performance obligation. Shipping and handling costs incurred by the Company for the delivery of products to clients are considered a cost to fulfill the contract and are included in cost of sales in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:italic;font-size:9pt;&gt;Contract costs&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;We expense sales commissions and credit card fees during the period in which the corresponding revenue is earned.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;These costs are deferred along with the revenues for goods that are in transit and not received by clients by period end.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;These costs are recorded in selling
 general and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:italic;font-size:9pt;&gt;Disaggregated revenue and entity-wide revenue disclosures&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;The nature
 amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows from our revenues amongst contracts
 product offerings and clients do not differentiate and are recognized consistently based on policies discussed above. In addition
 effective January 1
 2018
 we changed how we internally and externally report our revenues to simplify and align with changes in how we manage our business

 the management structure directly accountable to our chief operating decision maker for operating and administrative activities

 Medifast Direct
 Franchise Medifast Weight Control Centers and Medifast Wholesale.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Due to the interchangeable nature of these clients amongst sale channels

 and realignment of internal operations as discussed
 our disclosures as of January 1
 2018 will not include revenues by sales channel.&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Operating Leases -&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; Medifast&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; leases retail stores
 distribution facilities
 and office space under operating leases.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Many of our lease agreements contain tenant improvement allowances
 rent holidays
 rent escalation clauses
 and contingent rent provisions.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The Company recognizes incentives and minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;We commence recording rent expense on the date of initial possession
 which is generally when we enter the space and begin to make improvements to properties for our intended use.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;For tenant improvement allowances and rent holidays
 we record a deferred rent liability on the consolidated balance sheets and amortize the deferred rent over the terms of the leases as reductions to rent expense on the consolidated statements of income.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;For scheduled rent escalation clauses during the lease terms or for rental payments commencing at a date other than the date of initial occupancy
 we record minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases on the consolidated statements of income.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Several leases provide for contingent rents
 which are determined as a percentage of gross sales in excess of specified levels.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;We record a contingent rent liability on the consolidated balance sheets and the corresponding rent expense when we determine achieving the specified levels is probable.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;

 except for the preparation
 layout
 design and production of advertising costs which are expensed when the advertisement is first used.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Advertising expense for continuing operations
 excluding broker fees
 for the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017
 and 2016



 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:12pt 0pt 6pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Research and Development- &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The Company incurs research and development costs in connection with the development of new products and programs
 which are expensed as incurred.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The Company incurred &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$2.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$1.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million in research and development expense for the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017
 and 2016
 respectively. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:4.5pt 0pt 6pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Share-Based Compensation - &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Share-based&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; compensation consists primarily of restricted stock awards
 market- and performance-based share awards
 and stock options granted to employees and directors.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Restricted stock awards are measured at the grant date
 based on the calculated fair value of the award
 and are recognized as an expense over the requisite service period.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The fair value of the incentive stock options and non-qualified stock options is calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model as of the grant date and recognized over the service period.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Market and performance-based share awards that are tied to the Company&amp;#x2019;s total shareholder return and stock price are valued using the Monte Carlo method and are recognized as expense over the award&amp;#x2019;s achievement period.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The Company issues new shares upon the exercise of stock options and the granting of restricted stock awards.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;

 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more-likely-than-not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above is reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;We evaluated our tax positions and determined that we did not have any material uncertain tax positions. Our policy is to recognize interest and penalties accrued on uncertain tax positions as part of income tax expense. For the years ending December 31
 2018 and 2017
 no material estimated interest or penalties were recognized for the uncertainty of certain tax positions. We file income tax returns in the United States
 and various states and foreign jurisdictions.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;We are generally no longer subject to United States federal
 state
 and local income tax examinations by tax authorities for the years before 2015.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;Deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:4.5pt 0pt 6pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Earnings Per Share &amp;#x2013; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Basic earnings per share computations are calculated utilizing the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the periods presented.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Diluted EPS is calculated utilizing the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding adjusted for the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:4.5pt 0pt 6pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Comprehensive Income - &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Other comprehensive income refers to revenues
 expenses
 gains and losses that are not included in net income but rather are recorded directly in stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity. Comprehensive income consists of net income
 unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities
 and foreign currency translation adjustments.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:bold;font-size:9pt;&gt;Accounting Pronouncements - Adopted in 2018&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-style:italic;&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;. The new revenue recognition standard requires the Company to recognize revenue for the transfer of goods or services to clients for the amount the Company expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for those goods or services. The Company is required to identify the contract
 identify the relevant performance obligations
 determine the transaction price
 allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract
 and recognize the revenue when the entity satisfies a performance obligation. Companies have the option of using either a full retrospective or a modified retrospective approach to adopt the guidance. On January 1
 2018
 the Company adopted the new revenue standard on a modified retrospective basis and recorded an after-tax transition adjustment to reduce retained earnings as of January 1
 2018 by &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million. This is comprised of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$5.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million of revenue offset by &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$3.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million of inventory costs
 deferred shipping expense
 credit card fees and income taxes. The results of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-style:italic;&gt;ASC 606&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; primarily impact the Company&amp;#x2019;s timing of revenue recognition for product shipments
 as product revenue is recognized upon customer receipt instead of at the time of shipment. The new standard requires more extensive revenue-related disclosures.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;As required by &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-style:italic;&gt;ASC 606&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 the impact of the adoption of the new revenue standard on our Consolidated Statements of Income and Consolidated Balance Sheets was as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=8 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Year ended December 31
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:26.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:26.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:26.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;As Reported&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:26.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:26.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Balances without adoption of ASC 606&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:26.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:26.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Effect of Change&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;501
003&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;499
195&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
808&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;121
104&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;120
590&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(514)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;379
899&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;378
605&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
294&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Selling
 general
 and administrative&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;310
836&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;309
851&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(985)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Income from operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;69
063&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;68
754&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;309&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Other income (expense)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Interest income
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
306&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
306&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Other income (expense)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;179&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;179&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
485&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
485&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Income from operations before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;70
548&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;70
239&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;309&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Provision for income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;14
759&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;14
696&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(63)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;55
789&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;55
543&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;246&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Earnings per share - basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4.67&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4.65&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.02&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Earnings per share - diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4.62&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4.60&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.02&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Weighted average shares outstanding -&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;11
947&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;11
947&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;12
079&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;12
079&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;;font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;background-color:yellow;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;background-color:yellow;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;background-color:yellow;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=8 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;As Reported&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Balances without adoption of ASC 606&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:27.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Effect of Change&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;ASSETS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Accounts receivable
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
011&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;81&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;930&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;38
888&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;38
421&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;467&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4
586&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4
509&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;77&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
980&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
498&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;482&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;LIABILITIES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Accounts payable and accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;60
323&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;56
595&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3
728&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Retained earnings &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;131
344&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;133
116&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.75pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(1
772)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;background-color:yellow;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;background-color:yellow;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:31.50pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:31.50pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:31.50pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Balance at December 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:31.50pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:31.50pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Adjustments due to ASC 606&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:31.50pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:31.50pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Balance at January 1
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;ASSETS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Accounts receivable
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;576&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;557&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Arial;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
133&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;19
328&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;902&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;20
230&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4
188&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;116&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4
304&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;336&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;336&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;LIABILITIES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Accounts payable and accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;37
140&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4
137&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;41
277&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;208&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(208)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:35.10%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Retained earnings &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:05.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;103
762&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(2
018)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0.05pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;101
744&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;background-color:yellow;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;In January 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-01
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-style:italic;&gt;Financial Instruments- Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The main objective of this update is to enhance the reporting model for financial instruments to provide users of financial statements with more decision-useful information.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The new guidance addresses certain aspects of recognition
 measurement
 presentation
 and disclosure of financial instruments. Most notably ASU 2016-01 requires the change in fair value of available for sale equity securities to be recognized in net income.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The pronouncement also requires the use of the exit price notion
 the separate presentation of financial assets and liabilities by measurement category and form of asset
 and the separate presentation in other comprehensive income of changes in fair value resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The pronouncement is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017
 including interim periods within those fiscal years.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The Company adopted this standard and it had no material impact of the Company&amp;#x2019;s financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:bold;font-size:9pt;&gt;Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements &amp;#x2013; Pending Adoption&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Times New Roman;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;We have considered all new accounting pronouncements and have concluded that there are no new pronouncements that may have a material impact on our results of operations
 financial condition
 or cash flows
 based on current information
 except for:&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-style:italic;&gt;Leases (ASU 2016-02)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 which
 among other things
 requires an entity to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases
 including operating leases
 with a term greater than twelve months. Expanded disclosures with additional qualitative and quantitative information will also be required. ASU 2016-02 and its amendments are effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018 and early adoption is permitted.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;In July 2018
 the FASB issued amendments in ASU 2018-11
 which provide a transition election to not restate comparative periods for the effects of applying the new standard. This transition election permits entities to change the date of initial application to the beginning of the year of adoption and to recognize the effects of applying the new standard as a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings. The Company has elected this transition approach and will recognize the cumulative impact of adoption in the opening balance of retained earnings as of January 1
 2019. The Company is essentially complete with it evaluation of the new standard and prepare to implement the new standard in the first quarter condensed consolidated financial statements of 2019. Upon adoption
 we expect to record right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities between &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$10.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$12.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million in our Consolidated Balance Sheets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;7.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;EQUITY&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Issuance of Additional Common Stock&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;On May 18
 2017
 the stockholders of the Company approved the Medifast
 Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Share Incentive Plan (the &amp;#x201C;Amended and Restated 2012 Plan&amp;#x201D;) that increased the number of shares of the Company&amp;#x2019;s common stock
 par value &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$.001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; per share
 that may be awarded under the Amended and Restated 2012 Plan by &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;600
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 to an aggregate of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;1
600
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;.&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Stock Repurchase Plan&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 6pt 36pt;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;On June 14
 2018
 the Company established a stock repurchase plan under Rule 10b-18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &amp;#x201C;Stock Repurchase Plan&amp;#x201D;). The Stock Repurchase Plan permits the Company to repurchase up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;850
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; shares of its common stock until May 30
 2019
 unless the plan is terminated earlier in accordance with its terms.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;There is &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; guarantee as to the exact number of shares of the Company&amp;#x2019;s common stock
 if any
 that will be repurchased under the Stock Repurchase Plan.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;During the year ending December 31
 2018
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;182
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; shares have been repurchased by the Company under the Stock Repurchase Plan.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt;text-align:left;font-family:Courier New;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-size: 9pt&gt;

		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  






















        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Plant And Equipment (Property

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Gross Unrealized Gains
 Gross Unrealized Losses

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        





















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    





 general



    
    


    
    



 Nonoperating





    
    


    
    



 Income Taxes
 Extraordinary Items

    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    
    
    
    




    




    
    




    




    
    




    




    
    




    
    



 Dividends
 Per Share

    


    









 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment

    



 Unrealized Holding Gain (Loss) On Securities Arising During Period

    



 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI for Sale of Securities

    



 Available-for-sale Securities Adjustment

    




    
    



 Net of Tax

    


    


    
    


    
    



 at Carrying Value

    
    
    
    



 Net
 Current




 2018 and 2017




 Net

    
    




    


    




    
    



 Current

    



 Plant and Equipment
 Net







    
    



 Net of Valuation Allowance

    




    


    
    


    
    



 Current

    
    



 Current

    


    
    



 Net

    




    


    
    


    

000 shares authorized; 12
117 and 12
103 issued and 11
868 and 11
971 outstanding at December 31
 2018 and December 31
 2017



    
    


    
    
    


    
    



 Common


 193 shares at December 31



    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    





 common



    


    
    


    
    




    




    


    




    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Plant

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Cash

    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    




    




    



 Value

    



 Options



    


    
    


    


    






    



 Shares
 Restricted Stock Award

    



 Value
 Acquired

    



 Value
 Acquired

    



 Common Stock

    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    












    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    




    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    



 Consolidation
 Basis of Presentation

    




    




    




    



 Credit Risk

    




    


    
    
    




    




    



 Plant and Equipment


 Plant





    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    


    
    
    


    


    
    








    
    









 Stock Options

    



 Stock Options


 Stock Options



    
    


    
    


    

 Gross Unrealized Gains
 Gross Unrealized Losses



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    




    



 Future Minimum Payments Due

    




    
    







 Plant and Equipment



    

 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    







 Plant and Equipment


 plant and equipment



    
    
    


    


    


    
    



 Net of Valuation Allowance
 Current

    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Plant and Equipment
 Gross


 plant and equipment




 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant

    


    



 Trade

    




    




    




    




    


    
    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    
    




    




    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Options
 Outstanding

    



 Options
 Outstanding

    



 Options
 Exercisable

    



 Options
 Exercisable

    




    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range


 shares authorized under stock option plans
 exercise price range




 Options
 Grants in Period


 options
 grants in period




 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range


 shares authorized under stock option plans
 exercise price range




 Options
 Exercises in Period

    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period





    
    
    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value

    




    



 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Not yet Recognized

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    






    





 Options
 Outstanding
 Number








 Options
 Grants in Period






 Options






 Options






 Options
 Exercisable






 Options
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price








 Options
 Grants in Period






 Options
 Exercises in Period






 Options
 Forfeitures in Period






 Options
 Expirations in Period






 Options
 Exercisable





    
    


    
    
    


    
    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options

    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures

    



 Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment

    



 Available-for-sale Securities Adjustment

    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    



 Cost Method Investments



    
    


    






    
    


    

 Inputs



    

 Inputs



    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Accumulated Gross Unrealized Loss

    


    
    



 Debt Securities

    




    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    
    


    
    



 Intraperiod Tax Allocation



    


    

 Change in Tax Rate

    



 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate





    
    
    



 Nondeductible Expense
 Share-based Compensation Cost






 State and Local

    


    
    


    
    




    



 State and Local

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    





 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals

    




    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits

    


    
    
    




    



 Unrealized Losses on Available-for-Sale Securities

    



 Gross

    




    


    
    
    




    




    



 Net

    




    



 State and Local Income Taxes






 Foreign Income Tax Rate Differential

    



 Deduction
 Qualified Production Activity

    



 Nondeductible Expense
 Share-based Compensation Cost

    



 Nondeductible Expense
 Other

    



 Tax Credit
 Research

    



 Change in Enacted Tax Rate

    



 Other Reconciling Items

    



 State and Local Income Taxes


 State income taxes




 Foreign Income Tax Rate Differential






 Deduction
 Qualified Production Activity






 Nondeductible Expense
 Other






 Tax Credit
 Research






 Change in Enacted Tax Rate






Other Reconciling Items






 Tax Credit
 Percent





    


    



 Operating Leases

    


    
    


    
    



 Future Minimum Payments Due

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Rent Expense
 Net

    


    


    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    




    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    




    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    




    
    


    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 tv508957_10kimg01.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! @  9 !D  #_[  11'5C:WD  0 $    9   _^X #D%D
M;V)E &3      ?_; (0  0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0( @( @( @( P
# P
# P
# P$! 0$! 0$ 0$
M @(! @(# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
#
M P
# P
# P
#_\  $0@* )% P$1  (1 0,1 ?_$ +T  0 !! ,! 0$
M       (!08'0($@,!P$!  (# 0$               0% @


# P

M&[#?*/DL3L9\CD+XW1AEELF:ZMA[-6,U$TR1KA+PE&J'\4'1BH(^T6]WL6
M^ESO'


MPV3+EI
'^1\NCK&:N67*UB;VV+V!/8!3\33O;Q#F-
2

#M;-L^0**=Y0?:TNI[[JFE



*CE?SWA@:UUIRN#Q=[ :_:S^-MS$('0#2SCE3




0?\I%+K^*S?,:.(3'# ]_B%KMQ[[@1JJCY.
M0BY!;3[:EE! U'=\UQF9S?%87XLR[!C\K?XIF<G?D5==.0*U]C%VG0PHK&L
ML1H+!TZC7
O^HCN+C9?
K\']JW&XVDLXBW?NVI[.D=
J)0*?.\'E-?UB_LQ#




MDGJ5V?O U8UAE7J9V/%WX]?YM\O6]T3(V!



\:



-VFJ%3:IFKO7S8Z-\!F4F.;3/:5.:HQ24%9L&QE[$'7=K\779BY
MV3SWFGA/FGCM0QN7Y7@LB]ZP=J?+HNK2UD4 ;$MT!4 ?5@/72;LG#P?%?&/R

\
ML_'OXKD_SKPGE7CH_P#ZGS?X_P#)\O'0@CLO\;&[V

MC-.9\OJY/AOQ1RWB?.


+;::7X83C6S/9;WM)(90RE*A!)&]E
M-Q B4_=Z!]T6];T+MWG)CBK?




K?'L

.-P+\^O+7IH]2%[T-8!K9;4U U
M4:Z:
8MM%Q\=Z<:^.!=O.(FE4\U'%%TCU)
M45::-
0 

ZT&2

7&Y








MR;)C1I(#=[


=




MER5 /[-=^[4?NTV_VSI/+



MZ(IV].FG[@Q/SO@!B_)Y.SAQ:OBS\G:_'[R#NPW6MZW0@Z]MV9V4-[AJ=?70


M;& ;1K;GVZ



V'1IAF\K?-.5RLCPSBN/Y@C(Y['Y:





&

)/U)_4F2^4+'\\^1HVNP9O'  ^@':
MZ #Z#33^FFD\_C7(Y



M='7

M%S4\'4.HG]UTT=Y0VC9BBWF^:VU



R*2M+=%CS9&-2RC6MZ4TI
#_'H


ML?#5KD[









^'&J&:0QE?LY6C)0]H-G*.
M[TT5T%$X#F@OY&P/%

4\6




(EG.[*[^^
3W3=]01ACR]&[H% ]K$SE CFW

M7Z=Y9T_XKXYO'_//(/#+7-Z\6O
I_;/./_JOEL%34GP$3VLK
MG!%3.'-:.HK0(KI0]E3!=!SHD]!D1A*CPPNRIT-0;'H@LC0C=F=.W77IGS'




M#1RT#

I8%+)'!+\89[


MZ3UN=QN;B-W%P*/4B=!+50G'9_NZZG_&[-VJ]WI_O=W7IF[_ /(71/&ZPG0'

M@1OFT^\@U\H6Q=QME&A7'59&8V1/U!LF13!I7'[..]L( ?#[


MG9V4$*2SLWM4_M4 Z*@Z( %7V@2^LBR7&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(









&ERL(I$7Q^NAA?H;8=8NRG4'^.#)I#$GTPDXDI.8B[_NZ5ZU



MNUC




E:6]K^Y5/OV;M.I77373KZS0!QU_TT_%!YKNX93Y%*TK+DMR^





&*1V0-A=A$F





M3

?DL_QF

CS'B
=
M4Y7- MR

MBYS89^8?(6R;5



MR/T%84$K^

X0V

_546##98J
M!JU4[MJ?DLX0[R/<7WOC](Y@\5K(T4FC=CU9:

C
/





MD5V5:G+;'WBTXES6':]8L4 -OW


]!4[Q]AJA0LC%-US$Z[9UZLHLA6

MN[96BA*TW$ MLK54W$ MIKH-9RG \17P7$T\76V_M[BS:;=SV.UEC!=3M#.[
1SV1G*R_L%=K6





/ X[.!J)Z'/O7MXURZ$:5

M:-K!VT.AK*OP&4UQMYF\

MF



7T#SA@_DFY?


M$H&M;4F]-[%;7Y%/E7.X/D7G:
V5AVID/5BL!7?DXZ;:[6*J[E1V=$&QAN




5





M6\4DN00:9V*V?J]Y?M)VB)

[-7_)9!I\R


[W


/

M:L6S&;&KM( 88_;W5W


.58G%6/B^2IQ^1@





H6@;+:K5 LQ\C:'(K<A6)7?M91JEB[D;F/#<##
MXOQ#(\(\HK7*X3/JLKO[?[EW7/;7;26VD6)NVMU0NALK#H'+2+K5XP/*'R_N
M[C7)O+#RFXNS*AN*4]9+CAU.\38?9#.V;:C(0ABS];3I.4C(!.GCBDO2LK2
M#1A9QAAQ.TX &;'J=P]_%\9Y);YHU+MY#7CVTX=8T^+B_)#^U0VZPN%V+6&


MMOM,/HE
D! AZZ#

M@#KU])==VK_C7+\&H*V\AQS8]9T]J


M*$4


*TIPG$\6R7J=-UV=9M%CJ=I_V^Q05U97W*OM W;H@6'_IY

M-:HS1Y:Q:L=\.6(H)8-BURJ.3Y/Q.GQSE;$MR..\G/(8=OU^+=2RY%5VBC

M1+K&NU=7-CN55EVJLPN





M




8



3D1)KS.8KYC]]2F7
NW8XP+:@
-B

M2)O0X9LW-UGI]0AY]2[CO
[P')7D9#OQF9INQUT&(&%IM
:8U'/B2'S;Z4/1

6 *:$G:%*@Z]2=2 !T




M8OR?//(/


Q.+84^0<'B&CN/KV[$MR+SE4G9[VHOQKS6Z':&L5&965

G:55*&2//)QX0&?


A

Y9)+947B3
WU

MU9=XQZ95_#9Y7@V]-


MT\3QW'TVWVV[OM7?)NP;D)K5BROEUI71MKU'=7N-M#622KR+U=^U%?6PU1
M?DPGMCSF0UFT\:8W%84+D




M+Z
9KK^WHBV(I:JU:S=56I9=BV6#2UN/XV_.O\=KYO)1;;K
:W+:JD:O7B+;

XMQJ\[(JM[J&4.\ML:.J(





V5Q/%VXU5UW-


XZ
M^RQ]Q(MS[
BI5T122K655UIHI(:P%SLU9

M!

M-9;D2Q3B.KXG+F4WW#4ZMJD


-FXC#G?RI1_D#!JM











W&9QO5\A;^4Y%








M((P:@I065=7X#TXHSA959A69%J46(VY



M$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
M
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B





MVR:OL60[;AIT1[6Z'V.6/2-* LPOV!ZUOIL.6G(YJ9N)D8=%:TT/Y#@Y]*@D



M38U2 Z5HKAM$.N@( 
J\:Y

C20Z#-IT2:C-.I#ZWKMD&]@RM]PNW-563_ 
A\ARL#-/8\

G.(4')1==[*&$4CE<ZW


RM7[RVTA-*Z'JO+65TJ#4X8I82



?0!\GY@( &VMPP


M^\A[LU
0V!0TBAR:43/J^D=JM%JNEJT0JJ!RKQU=H/4*&.2-OKM+IDZ00Y
M:I&N2&K1JWA3L8A: 5VZO'W;AO)%\B?W9E7)6W=T=;LC%O[BMB9#


U=ORL++Q175_H7?)]JYF

:7)[:]
MPZBKHP8@:9SX34UR+XMHF+CI
-UI
::8T]VRUDL:+(I6UR8E5)[;*D\(C
@2




[:U//0SE[ICTSNNG 
:'Q%)XW?HW:KXCX?YYI[*



M1Q5:EEHI-&4C:C^#5HU!:?
TE&U%JOH

B



+C9/KZ?.

OK:4P^




M3R+KZ4S[* 12QC0QB7-% OC$H2QTIJ1$-P'AG+= B,3/1QGN&(T7H//XN$

M6;







MVEJ]0RJPV



M_D*:*+7*MK3K0





M 9+-B5U#86H-=Z55W

Y''P'[6=RW#TX.0


DKQJXR7GPE
8ZZK=Z



M?)48B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&
M(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1-&WD1Y]77



MED$2[14TU+Y3#%3@..&
B=


<:9/4C\Q6&_-3,V6PY1F8O\ -Y@M9(^Z,C#8@IE)HDE0G?6Y44<



MUCO8BI

MG:N)+?Q\$\G+VEY8364IL#)%$50L@5+2
\E\4[4:$.#X+[L/C*6.VODO'
O)
00


+K+D!Y+/%C U5*@LJR





MZ2:U7UB8'VC;58&

HV9U=.+B\/YAC

ML?Q(@B$ -+Q&'F\AQGC^/=96G









QJ!OFU #6\Z$M

M;/



MQER?_F

M0%P(;\GC=;#7;S=!=5FEG%6\B;_I5U#!=.9[S^G#05%94*1J$(G52

MC!==BWZ9KQ
6K!MS+L0NC\@:CD:.VEAH7;5JNNWV#T  &I+?N)
WY&19E4XU
M&1M:O#-AI]JZH;=.X0=-2S@!222=HZ[0!.],^ W%^PY1 )E-85(Y%(J[CK)
M$D:YQM&T3 36-QMP3.KS7&C#

.!R=UG'
M@6+[F8V=NXZW4=XGO?'N(7O8^_LV[4WHVQ=
_P YJ*OK)?JRDTS8 O#W3LR.


Z!
%]BI6@VP['454W62Z)3$CE9

?CSLK6FVFO7WFFF]

M'.H!.I 







M/0XW0].!77QG*GFL-0O(

RR+;
M

REHKZR_THL'H;?M_;'$23VBM


MIL-N_N;0'W 3(KWPUXZO]22VD%T$4D5[-+ D-JNZ-HETT8Y CL:43!7/7B9Q


M37M=2')%3O62Q)978

X2=X4.#PJ
=DPO95[-+^[F[

XO
Y+(45



W

MTE5@X.+QN)7@X2!
6I=JKU.@_J2223ZDDDDZDDF7'D62XQ$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$
M8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$
M1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
M1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(
MQ$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(
MC$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8
MB
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1
MB(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1
M&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q
M$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C
M$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
M
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B
M(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&
M(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$
M8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$
M1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
M1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(
MQ$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1/) O\G7
OCOSIYTMO*BTC*\_;:C+



M\GMDBW& 08[G0+:H



MUB

Z:]=?3O.M\IXA/'_)
[
MA*G+U8F7;4&/J0CE03I]2!U_K.





M*+%MT/[Y


NG760J

C)ILQ[K*[=/87HL[6BC0(E6@!K4S9FR
K5'&

M;._[=JR/)4D+B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&
M(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$
M8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$2/7'S\%V?_(6S


/*.O.6$+E4SK
MUEL6+[@MBR.J)M$+7@KQ7


1X?BMU;?R^:$J/2NZQRB8]YZF]]-51R-


7(=3#Q^@-;ZZR3D









MB=9(WLY$:0L =ZDYC
H=3F]9KM(+6:UW;YBSC';Q?$_'#6+[^%\7J?-&IQJK




MJK7('7_ -4WQM4! M=M#!&DI_NAZK1$!B2Z@$ AU6PZ/0 L
Q&+-J=

1&(C$1B(Q$8
MB

M$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C
M$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
M

M(FX?W=ZT82Q)A[..U[^RP!1)2UC6
)IV$

+7=H.NS6SFGH /:$/W0_TZ]=_PW$20^(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$
M1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
M1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(D++CM


1&(C$3S1T/Y1N0R/R:\IZCYAV-5G':H*C@UB2INX\
MV7)'#YNLKR$K5I\5MBF+1/-41VZ@/[E^



MLI)=23V(C$1B(Q$8B,1&(C$1B(Q$8B,1&(C$1B(Q$8B,1&(C$1B(Q$8B,1&(
MC$1B(Q$8B,1&(C$1B(Q$8B,1&(C$1B(Q$8B,1&(C$1B(Q$8B,1&(C$1B(Q$8
MB,1&(C$1B(Q$8B0[O*Z)H[S$CC=QT$D5W&\HR%LZG2E,8X1;CY'#6P[ETDT





LJ0
MFREBZW+M(9<@V;;&L#:,R+JN@(/=E7A5XT2*5[#&NQ+RA3A&8U;
'LB=Q60



(!8L[+#O07!X/ 6V)@+2AS/#HPWL2!$(
<.O:-[F,J7@'XER<3@_<+#

ED*T

UVDDAWHA(0$))(0E@UK$3-
M&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B


R8B
1&(C$1B(
MQ$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B

MJ2;

M'(S:AXELUDR[8W.2R=X4[V
]4H%O?302R] ) 66!$RKB(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$
M8B


M6%S5PE*#1KP2G/-$W@%K9O;OKK4;!S
;D?'^0\HQG!X/C+A7?8=0 &4$6H/6

M]9KQ]
O+R




%LQ2K4CUU-6.T\0C#U!HAG'&V(8M[WUQ$OK$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$
M1B(Q$8B




MW-BY=)OR1;D7:#7$MK4U;6?98U]F0A4*C ?75%R+L6;RGE)6'$3D;:*@'

H$30($NB5!GNZ1&J@B


MC!+APIYC5[$)//7&@KWG#5RXXU^1ZDX!6
:@J]^DE(S3EA?Z6QZ@-MJ-IP[-



M$41(&)@:V]R6&(!JD:9ST
]*8'I[H [[N[6_HSN/
.2Q.9\JY'EL :861FW6
M5]-/:[DJ=/IJ#KI.#\0X_*XGQ;C^
S0%RZ


M=')/8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1
M&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B




H7&AT+118Q:T':)F@J VQS77@?+D0R:F.+2=8


M6(E3Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$2._'G0] N[O$$77D1:&P





QXB
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B

1&(
MC$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8
MB
1&(C$1B(Q$8B

M6PXB3FQ$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B




'L(  #K77










Y9-C42(V.%-BLM:+6D)J0O[FJ^WE$7QG$_





1&(C
M$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B




M;3F%IHW$-+MIQE*-: /2DTCLV+77IK?7$3%^YEY#+_-[('7\%X85TJ+$$RM
MPY%:MYK#P^\F=H_63&:*$1L02]Z+/12%5\649Z]F]==:1+NK_QZT@R/R*?7

M):I(_2AF;61T-&0:J 4VN2I86D7F#3D#'K10A[V$.]Z]


MH^YT'L?:;[[3WAWU$+LWK\OIK7U8B2*Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8
MB
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B:9O*/RG
M8*\G?RE6OE=-:&';G(6



MU=WFV
ES*:6_3:F)U?.)[34-:Y:.8U;&+=?8TT1M$Q6ZZ*D\2MBT(ZUSV
O4

[6C8C



MG9E_C_X8V#


M7B)(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B
M(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B6=.+$K^LF
^363.8=7T;3=?B9#.)



BL
'6=&IC0\SG-%663/5D0D$#<I


Q^

3M.(
MRW/

CFHKI.P



.3C((GZY6_)W)Q6
MV&C[]C Y&'&(?38]Z:Q$ZR'C98;6LB8T'+CD#IJC%?2*$J&9PW6KT7)G1[

M&$LK;
2@

M@4FF6.1\4;E;


MC*[B^

H!)4.]:U_BUUQ$





M5GV96%[HR9@NJ




M! .T/7UWU]
1
&2?F%Q4AI0SI)R+IAN6$0S :L6+K5  @,4+N2M[DK4ZWH

M /.-
^X#01=!#^[K?7$3H)O*SP]=30$1A_LN8F:-4J#%J8LURVW[,&(LH2X
M(HVG$4$T98M![=WO8=^F(FDWCC;8KHXGI;VL*UO-
\63+&^[98:_P!2NEUH

N(7D[:GGB;Q==[







*#W

LL/0.M[]
M=_1K$3!\QY4\::_(./F5]U&PZ(



R1B2OZ[<2?YHI3I(LVN(&UG6#&<\J%982A$Z-

?77Y'.--

MQHYK3)'Y[F+I)FY

1*83:A



I3*=2M7
Y \NR9&\]Z$XP(
ME2_0MIROPB#K77$2/%

-M45P[SAHJW4E&X
MN4@=%L[

?9O7:/75$RK82GG2HFCW7?&^GN.M-5@R

M-D@

M$LPT0M:-/'KN%O?T[ZXB9^Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(D([L


M*5:I(C.$6 0A]= WTQ$DCB)&R*\P^
$XY S7BK$;QKN0\AJ[9RWZ:5


M=&-;+8!L8



^;B5X./R;VH..RK353;J-EM@?ME*V]'8

0 5&H.DHTDYA\4X
Q;UKIF!!4




T!-[8MBWZ;

5455!T
PDL7
3)W]HC:Q7*+M(^
9

D*DD0'%6)(B
TF
$$X7MJ-[1.U#^.7C;;PMSP



\*+DLR&-TV35UP.MAU%$+ :(2T
L:D/':$)YM%59
MCR:JLB+J)):$99]1)D]@L9J54:G=!B7AT2E&()^BT2LOMZ\ADI%I!C_FSG=
M;I*QLT%^.M7CZU-]P
KDI
*=9;&5 ;.6K(VUQX@&C#D[\G;%Y^A:T229OKT



] 5D.DV'C]3
M*CC X*[B4I(Q)615&8FG:(HKV%@?I*Q

6B1@_97G%JSE@$Q7W=C-%L*)EE?
M*^7!:^1%-M/4XI;TM9-CK&5:JVW]



@B :\BL)U)E#R1O7Q8A


M9

UZF


D)


M0FEP.B?M;$R 97:
 (0&B<G6O?/@7^M]L?(GQK
MJOA5K*&MM.].WFAT]-IA^M2
0

B.:(NEHC;
M--&F$+HA/K)EE=TQ2-2
=K3'VC6SK)&B)O\,K\:(XTXHM8_M2CJ2#0!BVB


 TJ]
M\9*4+@2NV$T.A&:[-8B=9I\
;2Y@=WRSH]*#AU9'#D

M'9:ZL/.J&J5RR?K2WHEFL=%,760R:01P+ 6K0[U;.7 5&HAC.4VI%H))


];B?K!Q9&Q%U@ SD;R<?OVQE4BE.A

MU


M][:5
2GV=[(/;)]W9( ;




MNY*HO^V$T00Q/D8HX]
X6L8;&15U V263%W=CBRA!W[&F2G2*+HV\[O#H1\
M;7#4AZ$$KU#B)V*DXK0*L(3-X/())8=^)+
T(JQ7+D1)$UG*9FC
1J&\YJ=

M(PSMSR-Y7T^VB:FI.D0I2^O]RPZQ$K^(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(
MC$1B(Q$8B



JPZE=3I
MJ&C4'0D:CT]9YI>.=4VW?\ Y-*:CW')T\H_$JJ)(Z7)%%UYS?AVEK^359-7
MZ AC;2@

T

IR6$EMPF **6%2=ON









MXE2+]5)'@Z:ZJ@M$)0NTX:9#DANI

MS$0.03+QP10

1U







M6J8*@XYVQ6DT



5C$T(%[QNZ47S12D0]H#SM$D



O^/U6OI\#B<<@

/$(:HY$V70*M^2##5DSC$W

-U+8
MS'2RML$Z'# F)K_]X'V:(5I;
(L&SA2(\ U !#]L(!: %$MRFDW/1%.$1'(!


M7 WARD99;IL98!*$:'8B=:'O6M[V'2)\*0DG
%V6R
KD+5='0M 0SZ41996%

]ZUQ]XC

1

M_PFLYK,U)EEP&3E2K1/)AIH2AM*)J&\M:W)2NP0PFFE&';ZAT(OT%B)^UX

1VT(@ 632
/]HKGR2 TY;T9[*-T;
M?\.NS8]BWW:1(!WQQ5\@DE


X%R@)'SI(A$!2@-!I86B6H/B;8?//E^T\I;5;^9_
M$RJ8!5





1&(C$1B(
MQ$8B

M$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C
M$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
M
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B


MM9X2ILYSJ2M%JL0)O:R.MT1R=7





LX56HKZ+F#E\W(QFOQ
@[C714N#D-4C*[![5JLT-+%N4\2P


/F'0(^3CI85!U



MQ(.GZB2?C4![B0_B^DT/KKZ\1/S^77&/IW?OE7/319IO7]1).GMDC]LT?XOP
MECWTW]6\1.7\M^

MO?\ OE7/9[6CN[]1).GM;


M\M^


M^

G36_WQKKIO1&];
M_423IO2G?1/_ %_XV_P_7B(WRYXR:^F\:Y^@\7_ZB2?0F%VJ-_B^@D7H+ZL1
M.7\M^

STU_MQ$Y_
MRWXS=W;^^%==W>:7T_423KWD![S@_B^DL'KOZM8B
F_HO&N?H(%_P#J




MRWXS;%V_OA77=[A973]0I.ON&@]PL'T_B&#UU_LQ$X?RZXQ]G?\ OE7/9[8S

MFA$C.VGU_E $_0]_=%K$3(?\M^
W78?WPKKNT

M?^S$3C_+GC)O6A?OC7/382!ZW^HDGJ%2+M3B^GZ#A:Z!^O$1_+GC)KZ;QKK7

M)NOH^O$3A_+KC'H.Q?OE7/;H!INQ?J))T]L@?MG#Z]WX2Q^F]_TWB)S_ );\



M36\1)A8B
1&(D9.6O&DCE74#C5VK8MBDW7;DWOS!8=/28+!)&AY:AC


MT8
I]K K;4VCU6(PUEGQO(K@&U;*EMIMK*'J4=21[7JM71ZW4]00=K#575E)

M0U:*


M0H$@!&B&8

1
M'8#\H?[=?9B([ ?E#_;K[
1'8#\H?[=?9B([ ?E#_;K[
1'8#\H?[=?9B([
M?E#_ &Z^S$1V _*'^W7V8B.P'Y0_VZ^S$1V _*'^W7V8B.P'Y0_VZ^S$1V _
M*'^W7V8B.P/Y0_\ 5K[
1'8#\H?[=?9B([ ?E#_;K[
1'8#\H?[=?9B([ ?E
M#_;K[
1'8#\H?[=?9B([ ?E#_;K[
1'8#\H?[=?9B([ ?E#_ &Z^S$1V _*'
M^W7V8B.P'Y0_VZ^S$1V _*'^W7V8B.P'Y0_VZ^S$1V!_*'_JU]F(CL!^4/\
M;K[
1'8#\H?[=?9B([ ?E#_;K[
1'8#\H?[=?9B([ ?E#_;K[
1'8#\H?[=?
M9B([ ?E#_;K[
1'8#\H?[=?9B([ ?E#_ &Z^S$1V _*'^W7V8B.P'Y0_VZ^S
M$1V _*'^W7V8B.P'Y0_VZ^S$1V!_*'_JU]F(CL!^4/\ ;K[
1'8#\H?[=?9B
M([ ?E#_;K[
1'8#\H?[=?9B([ ?E#_;K[
1'8#\H?[=?9B([ ?E#_;K[
1'8
M#\H?[=?9B([ ?E#_ &Z^S$1V _*'^W7V8B.P'Y0_VZ^S$1V _*'^W7V8B.P/
MY0_]6OLQ$=@/RA_MU]F(CL!^4/\ ;K[
1'8#\H?[=?9B([ ?E#_;K[
1'8#\
MH?[=?9B([ ?E#_;K[
1'8#\H?[=?9B([ ?E#_;K[
1'8#\H?[=?9B([ ?E#_
M &Z^S$1V _*'^W7V8B.P'Y0_VZ^S$1VAUZZ'6_^C6(G+$1B(Q$8B12YN0&T
MK.XOVYZ?NAZX_RYWBZS1MIQEI;W:51^
IBQ*I85%/F@#$C3)G6/DJ$J%QV$




M;BD[MG[J$?DLHWX]V













-UU-+5M9W'
M-DG9_IRYBY2KQNLB-U;+3)5QB[[Z91O]L%!V^2G?[FOZP3B2OV^/BEQ$C&HV
ME5B

M\AE3@8B




M2]3K3DIV: ;806B9/:$2



1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(FB#_430^WG[QPVK*J]O:3
MT_$*V2)IA9$;AJ1


MK?8EFF*O(Q&KGLC@C8W*J.7[



K$Y#D^/R*:R-$K/-





MB7QR_%PQ?DCS+F:L+%=U;YF3CWT5XZY+6_;N8]OY-YM!J2Q6NV ( )%V-R63




OI?D\3%;%P.6\EJNQ
/4H$HX[#[F2N9VRK56YSY.+F

3:HB\
NCG.2S\K PFTWM5

'*R431?]OCX)RS

N'%*T6B

4O;3&4\EG[@



1&(C$1B(Q$8B



1@$I:4


M;C^?

+9Y57E*[=




UUR
M'Y+^
Q






.BK)'UI(DZUB:(\T-K
K3C(^&$0J:T:
E$H)$F_Q[

M ' #:N@!^@_03'MU_#?CMJ_Q]AU:K0=MB==2R?M).YNI']Q_4S)6M:UK6M:U
MK6M:UK6M=-:UKTUK6M?1K68$Z]3ZS
  :#TG[B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B6$\U
M55\C(DZ60UO GY--S$)LT3O






MY5R&+W@.YWZENI^XMG4Z_O5F5_\P8AM03
F*HS&UKXV29;'V-7)&5*M0LT


'U%


1&(C$1B(Q$HT@CL?EC0MC\I8F:2L+D7H

NHUVLI

@S*%) 92I_JK#1E/Z@@D$'H1T,QW(^/MS&0)99+J1J*5
M2I#I %%)I'6T


M: I.VI4@T6PMJ &@J% MF#UTZ#'ONWUWZYO+L?4GH@3_ /P#
X7_ .4.[N%]
M SLP&K$G3VZ]=VT;MQ;70?N*JA;_ .8HJJ3ZE55?0 3M'UE6RIM?&937T'4


M0 #T 'T G[GDRC$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B);[C$HJ[NJ)^=HS'W1\;4#BU-SRXLS



M@W#T.@UUTF2#HM&5#^1+#XXQ'RE*V*61+)3FAO
?TS
L-+/5M!#R-.)Q);%1
MY0!F)PF:*&

M637KL+#1BO\ E)'0D:$CH9C8''+CT6D4-X*(ID!7*4DX5(@5? I%
U;RUI
K B;4ZHC]]-
MZ)5MRYV(6)C=ZWK[HP!WZXB9*3*4RU


/TFS-5N.Y/^&SAVN5[




M4Q[\S






1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(G
MS..*3E&GGFED$$%C....&$LHDHL.QF&FF#V$!998 [V(6]ZUK6NN\1!)Q*DD

I'
MG%Q#Y(N,Z:*+Y#U?9KI6:/3G/$$:DB8]5&&D1ZM,%Z<25&DX],8E$X&EH.]


M^Q!U+]MQ6^W3HQ2PA& )*L=#*G0O
GBURA73%MX]WK7=MN$ ^$%





G*4*PIR1''!!W=W76IZ8M]G+OP-:EN7K*!JAU96MU[:GZ;[-I[::[GT]
MH


1&(C$1B(Q$8B

M7H9Q@P[


MH]S:'0'0RQK&YX\-ZDA=:V)8W)J8I+A)IK2.$G2C;9LCVGTJ&O8C$?Q(

2-

M@#=9=WH'-UJ*#G25MW);$:F9I





Q/D-?
5P=EI

M



YYC
HQ$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B


P

;DG4 &5
4O=-
(P]#3S0AQ$WG\0J \F+
M%Q


BIV/XM


YO.3_ #:3



H2RM6UW%0X!)TDG6.Q;7;:

.RX?54ZEM0*KD*3

CR!\ALQJO(FQ+6J6@9.52X'$TFA1OO




MDZHF

EK0N 2VJ;\O9Y6$B:WB(OR)
MP





M)SO+#C#-,(FZ*6UR9SW/OZ$ER:UAS4\)$+JW&'I% 1;)4$E'%[WT&$.];U


MP ^SV)HV6L(-6;6PE/


M*6F\\?.!5QVK+ZX1B9S%-G7$:&
MI;/G4C0










S







C+







M.KBJ+C9?0N/;9%H*THXY8


/<

MG97)4PDO;Q+C#@A(V;KH.8XAS5Y1XGXOHO/7?DCQ?-QZ%;N/54E5!MN0






M#9EL&4UYPRY!-L(D


MZH- _F1$20(TI[7I622$O2HP:GWMXB3EC





^KY.

W7K.6J5LW\&8.=EK]
MW&\FXVO%&FT5XF1FYN0NB#3K8G9+
P+A4K34!0)2*Q5I#?(?#(X).I^=)/+S


MNM&/Y3BJI[N3RWCFX$C_ 
N*
:L4WX(!!QZZ:0#:JC(W]MV)QMPK79CSF
Y!
B]495<E] 0!UFKODW1-_\#D?%

SD?(*]N(_'QHY66!


H.%:JKQ_


MJYN1#SPBJ[RSQFQY-1[)RTE_
IVN*!U9R3I;5V)N9])3&*Q1BI&#UW$]RZ&.

5)M;%V*Z&D3M^17#K\TYKG<NQL/@+_&L=L/+-HKQU

MJZZG5BT_'Y7)(W0L.D$7B

T+IN;QN

85659#BPM8QTN8Z@1\X

!J](4OL2:N+['F]O@5G.=1H+/(.=CA(MI2$Y


1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(GQ

* 

&_9ZI$)P3(')&[$(UM <E6#17-Y0C?


44B+ 4C*+(* 6


MF==&& WH/4)AFM[[MZ]=]?7
!T]/H-/^GZ?X3/U]?J=9\PMZ )AQP420)RG0




1.6(C$3JJ4*)9H.EB-*JT#KVZ4IR


NNGT9[_=








M6!Y:DRELDC8X
[R46':0]8WNB




M)T8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(
MC$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8
MB
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1
MB(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1
M&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q
M$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C
M$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
M
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B
M(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&
M(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$
M8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$
M1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
M1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(
MQ$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B


MMH)XY%=1OL.VD
JECT4
[;44D]-78A5'JS'0:F8]B%\4=84UEM;0&YJIG%BP





M !_\MW$_B]=.]N':U/H.YKLU.GIK
@.$AC[2XLC0ZOC.VNTE5*D

M&0+42!2Z+4;(B4GEJ754D;$9RDTL@)@RRAFUH 1;U@GW+&JK]UJ5FQ@.I%
M894+D#J$#NBECT#

M--+)+
..

M$!
(

M5B0Q 5E)Z$38Y%699QUGMYG3N5'I8FI91O0^Y=65@-0-2K#U!E;(L2OU+)&
MY,FG4.41R8K$#?$) 1)V0UDE2]U :8UH8VZEKA('Q8Y%D#$G*2F&C. 6P:W
ZRA26%6A;ND::BO:V\^W0$ZZ


M&:K;:Z:VNN94I12S


M;$

0

;\QR=H;I!&GEJD+ [I2UK2]L;BC=FAT1':ZE*VYR0



LA
F3$%B&88
M

M DDDZ  #J23T '4F6[&9]!9J-47#9I$Y:8B1-#DM!&9&SOPTC=(#E3O5!:

1ZA7
M4^C#72+$8@*P)()'7Z!BA/\ @&5E/Z
I7U!$NS-4SC$2CO\ (6*-V02A\9






K*=/1E(/4&#[6V-T?:#I]=#KH=/T.AT/H=#IZ2J8
MB
1*4V/S&]&NI#

I&N(-$G.
MT T)1P!;#VC#O?NUC6EP![-@)5OHP#%25/H0&5E)'HP(]09ZP*ML;H^@.A]=
M#KH=/T.AT/H=#*=
IK#:YB[S-[EL9@D+CB3;A(9?,GYJB\784 3 %6O+^]

K&Q*^[EV5U5%@NKL%&YCHHU) U8D #U)

5203












S)@F')R[X=Q3O




?%1U2VW(QEJ'S


U%PN.S[



.#'?<=FV&.\98I8%A0H&[;3/B?E#0U':.;Q*T



7KY1


M*SL




]J1VP;GL+EGRBC-?U[/X[6
M$355G#/A*UK*&-LOC


M
:IY-T4(6E2




MI_0L\B4&.!SF)(XE#/[AC/6Q9S'*9-'_%/'

/#78E5QK5A2;&R*A

=
CRB[
^.V?4^!Q63DH'.MUB:L]KL&4D4%4

LOL]*^.$DF#9:S

=BC1B&

M'
BV'+\9P




M




?().^WD6


MB78
[




MVQ0::R-9Z

YW=W
.9F+ETY%
M8WTVFC#&





6M0%MKO\G6W#KJ.?



M&#


)*
-(GQRXH_^O;?

M1\JS'O&Q


6N:MZE8



/:TZ
8M:+)+W278]F!X U
M7'WM?1P_CW//2XW:OGT\_4*A[M+67X]JW54D%'KNMZ
KVB6BW?(Y:O
S:A5G
M\BO!+M8 O'LI:O)/;32I+-R656,-K5O]Q0A






BS

OW#CW'F_C9$:?;YQ((Y<EM@G;8GE+%9.+-CHBF3RD84Q.BVR0=C:%&
M



U:&_;78_$O;

@]SVOR0QL

#C/2J





'A

+D!6V.'31DJ\1Y;8


N4L=<;50LO')*V_
MH1^O^(&V_(XTJIF2!*F?ST2]&6O3?!JBQ)2P=:.L9V'@K1RBUT46^1<H::Z

M
7QJM

FI LJW;7[9:L
%(]!4\:X.*;*PWP#FY--
M#FQ[1:E#]'2RPUZF1D:M[@'92-Q9PQDZLY^648B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1
MB(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(FL3R



M0$%C[B!UG%9Y%JTJ-T(9+H.C[]8

/)( ;M461H1'NV.8


MFOHR[;G4; 6.4YWY&.

M!
:CS@?5T)6.)2@CY@]!2$@




MZ3+4$Y605XB?%E=.S-PN7\IZ];I=#&?29T7QX3YJMR;

M5GIRU.R#E:=&:



WJ/QB-N$Q60./36P'=$T&)(-!Y?)
EA?'R,NET12]FN#:U.7:$75FHI9+UX!JV5

P22:+LM@/9K^IKF:%5V_ JI@+D]B-D0L$3/\

X6MZU*Y&F[B[\?#RD;^1R695H4;K@4+[]]:ZLFQ*WN<L!MH
M'=.B=9IQFKRSDFAT.-BUE[+=0*0 2& L/L9E<=HJI+W2O3<0)BI^\J?$A@@

BRX)7:E--)^Y;=D4VI?C5JI:^DFRL
H)E Y$


ML$YX\=;&O%5Q\C#U



C8VC=JZV]!COI

=BOO5+\C%?-IJL9=0COC5M9M8@@#0Z-TD7K
M'YM\J8K9O)ETBM*TG*..?%.;PJ

!F+EB+1.0@AIDX
M:XX,E0TZ5?&%!&'0@=PM:S:QKK3)LO=*AC#(;WD*;DQ2PR;
;_Z]5(2QK+*



MN!KB00 E)O9W78-;WFNRVE;0E;I92:ZG:U#OIK6W(?$^Y:/8AJRD;'O!.M-H
MV/H2)JQUNR*;+5JM6RNX4BME*VV6-5WZ4JJ/OL.13]W'V@]ZOW5ZB8NE?F H




QTQRJJ_
:MR/]T7C3


M

MJZ9?77[3R1ZE=J1AWKT4@12@^-*ZWM.95T)&L?6S6VMP7F:BVC5 DHS4P3AB


8B
1&(C$1B)3'I


MM-1J 0?^H((U_4:CJ#T/H01
D=ZV#UDJX.H(.A!^A!'4$?0CJ/I.TC1IF](E





*_D&Z1^]
M8 *$ZAD_O=999ZJ11OC1C5LC0W-#*SHM#V44D+UVBU3X%8Q.,NXXA%%W%G
M;M+VULTR5R4RKP2[WYFJBNVZVQC96  $8%C89F3;E7UV.[65IFXF7]P(S);C


M&K[)KE10


M%C6H



MJLW(N6NY.]7LRJ[:+D(U0[^S?8*K5*M5;LM .W::_C:TPN%R.#N:TX^1CBLM
M6YJL5TL2^FQ2-P/;OKK9JW#5VH&KL4JQF&H%XRS8K!T
=4V#6#([#HKE54#R
MEICCK#:0K(A?R75Q(TI\B-:0QX+2

MQF?Q=+WFG

^UOU/%6R
M\FF+T?J?4O;-D0!TI@R13.33^H&%.P&?I.P-60U(8A$)N4D+4N%2S.ZLE2
M'JF6$E;V5O7?57F9=5F8JM@X?+9?(8M8U#);FI?W^\^I[NRV]K*-HJ+JEBV

PW
MN]L
U



M+%BM3






[!HQK#;]U%%6&
%G1 :]]&N@9FN=WN



2RP7:WGN8:(B-C%R!CBT55+:I6Q

MQY(
\JFLP37T

M


M6$O*6B^-
-HFK2U7)%D9V)


]7IK]KD<NG)8*W0BV@5%:;"A<A[*G0&IM]3OC<;C^
MN[%&*R

YEN(1MT@(+*-3B2@(/3:


MQY+(3D.4Y'E@I7)S;J'0:ZK7VJ


1&(
MC$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8
MB
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1
MB(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1
M&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B
1&(C$1B(Q
M$8B
1&(C$1B(Q$8B




M2L5/C.F2*$YBM.J4.:(E




M[(@IIV:[[18ZUL@ZJYT;3UE?A6U9=STV








MVQY=F[;@WH=FJVII.1L*GJM/ !

MUN7:&;T4BBEW4'0MH NI(FVY3C\??R=VBXF
M3.3ZZ79-.(A5?5_OWUJVW7:

M3

M+;6Y



W_8\=_)6^Y#O(K7


^(:'5 ED


-0?H1_0_7_I&Y=[5ZCN*=&'U!_J/4
M?]9P72B--;HW








MMR1M2+1YX]%D$[5KSB-&G#WV@#W=1;]-9K+J&51O8Z*/J3IKH!]3IUZ?2;

M

*7F+#B69%=-87W/:]FG6M1U=:P5:UE

M@ITS0+T2A&:B^)T
U.:3O[X-ZSSBPW+K6V,O?QK
BD6?;.115H6NHWZ=VM

%*3VG-V+7JE0@2F3&N3)NU-I<R8$!SP@^*/1[

F]=?9O7=H3TL;
6VNNO;I9F6U

M@-$:4-]KL1LD@BEGD+D-

M[21N[^(5%R!?4A=ZZ

MVA!&A 

@E2%+8$68X5(5S2XCWE+VVP#)(7&=LQ6
I._J56
MXHLV84EV:
G00;'K6AAZZL9'RZ++Z 2*LN[&9?[Q;153=;[/W;43(K)?3;J2
M-=5
VWV5X_9-K )?2+$;4;2IL-:^[TU9P0JZZMZC656;6_7-?L$[D
AE35HB

G8@!]KN
WO6@]=[UD:S(JJJ%
MYU-)R*J-5&XRZU::U)'0$V.%.OIU)]#)%=+V98@T&0ZEE4D LJKN) /J-.



BDZU.H(^

M:7NX=.=33^-L[.C$Z'[^)1FUZ@]1KCY%3'7]I)4^Y2(R/]KGGC+O^[&_4#J/
MMN$;J.G[CH/U]1






M]X.]?Y0@]=9K#HU+9D''4D%M?:-=06]!IH==3]#^DS8%+10XTN8:A3T8CI


RJHQZ+85/T8 Z$K^NAZ'3Z])BI#NU2=;%/4#J1J-1J/4:
8%U%Y1(&

M_8R\'
^2BMN%=ZM4]%M5A0
=ZUN;



+6=@U_'&Z4FO.*\OY-4CRNC\.5


M






MX?E.5DJ]5O



MOLVKD2I%U1ZJ/%'^+BX56:#37B8&?1G*_N;
R;ER?AW8#+W#CX]=MV

M[;Z7K:CM[J\E\YZNMIZMY;


MK/Q@7U(N*\*@UY\=VF46!5GJ\ZUJU)/GBH9&\P:W7;D1
JQ4Q=PCZM-%(E
M

XY-;[\A] &XNRJJBO(IH;NM6




NLS*?X(H8CQDY7MKG1$.1\@[NG'+%:?*6YRBT;LN9QNP
M['L5R@0/WE2



MC==)3E?-X7&XW



KW6WBW5:




MB@
P.HN+<=MSC#$9#!G2/S\FNF/D@Q&
-X.MN0KL=*F2D7X7(XM5RU+FI5D*YI =YH5<_(XBJC#N7C[:G=
MF14%8OPQR&3:F RUFQ*]=N+ENE).
KXOQE*U

M\;D9UU=V
E'BV2W+V+AO57VZEO=K

MA:6+ J$(0[5H0&JBBP;Y[D*JSS?(754BVC)XR_&P[.@&%DMDTVKE M]RK=C5




'KC6]H;

M

?

3['X

M

M



M1R;7XBP5DC''\0K(V^MR^)L'P183I+:



M8C2BP[UO=OY%E#+S

PZS48S\-?(5&Y.T\I3[2IAZL '(Q?




3DJFM_%%OC-'NYDXF/6$]-6KX# PF]Q]HTR:;*^IT]NX

OM6WS!.6'_9=RUBWZ;\A;!T]?V@GT^GZR$=G^/^7U)P\J(4?KVL*2?X
MC3W)!TY
S=RF


;BJWNNC.S$25







M'C!G!




MZJK&SCF9=9S6JY]N.S:3R2*5KR&MR*;%ZMW
TG+HHR*#WCIQPSF-#7
]S+MP

BQ%3V+6EU1&
JAV

 'defref_med_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNonoperatingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedHoldingGainLossOnSecuritiesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIForSaleOfSecuritiesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockCommonValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockCommonShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAmortizationOfDeferredCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedIncomeTaxesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesDiscontinuedOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfShortTermInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfOtherEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationAndExerciseOfStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesIssuedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesPaidForTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationAndExerciseOfStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesIssuedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesPaidForTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CumulativeEffectOfNewAccountingPrincipleInPeriodOfAdoption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationAndExerciseOfStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesIssuedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesPaidForTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardForfeited'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredParValueMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessDescriptionAndBasisOfPresentationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsAllOtherInvestmentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentChargesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentChargesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationBasisOfPresentationBusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriorPeriodReclassificationAdjustmentDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_AccountsReceivableAndAllowanceForSalesReturnsAndDoubtfulAccountsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LessorLeasesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentScheduleOfEstimatedUsefulLivesOfAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNewAccountingPronouncementsAndChangesInAccountingPrinciplesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNonvestedRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsAllOtherInvestmentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ScheduleOfComponentsOfTotalIncomeTaxProvisionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_ScheduleOfRentExpensesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InitialApplicationPeriodCumulativeEffectTransitionAxis=us-gaap_DifferenceBetweenRevenueGuidanceInEffectBeforeAndAfterTopic606Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CumulativeEffectOnRetainedEarningsNetOfTax1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InitialApplicationPeriodCumulativeEffectTransitionAxis=us-gaap_DifferenceBetweenRevenueGuidanceInEffectBeforeAndAfterTopic606Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CumulativeEffectOnRetainedEarningsNetOfTax1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InitialApplicationPeriodCumulativeEffectTransitionAxis=us-gaap_DifferenceBetweenRevenueGuidanceInEffectBeforeAndAfterTopic606Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CumulativeEffectOnRetainedEarningsNetOfTax1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForOperatingLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForOperatingLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=med_EquipmentAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=med_EquipmentAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLeaseHoldImprovementsUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SoftwareAndSoftwareDevelopmentCostsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_VehiclesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNonoperatingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InitialApplicationPeriodCumulativeEffectTransitionAxis=us-gaap_CalculatedUnderRevenueGuidanceInEffectBeforeTopic606Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNonoperatingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InitialApplicationPeriodCumulativeEffectTransitionAxis=us-gaap_DifferenceBetweenRevenueGuidanceInEffectBeforeAndAfterTopic606Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InitialApplicationPeriodCumulativeEffectTransitionAxis=us-gaap_CalculatedUnderRevenueGuidanceInEffectBeforeTopic606Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InitialApplicationPeriodCumulativeEffectTransitionAxis=us-gaap_DifferenceBetweenRevenueGuidanceInEffectBeforeAndAfterTopic606Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterials'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetailRelatedInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_InventoryNonFoodFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis=us-gaap_SegmentContinuingOperationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherDepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LandMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=med_BuildingAndLeaseholdImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=med_EquipmentAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SoftwareAndSoftwareDevelopmentCostsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_VehiclesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrentAndNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableTradeCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedSalesCommissionCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedPayrollTaxesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedMarketingCostsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_PromotionalSalesIncentiveAccruals'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesAndExciseTaxPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_NumeratorAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_DenominatorAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfAdditionalSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramNumberOfSharesAuthorizedToBeRepurchased'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodTotalFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAggregateIntrinsicValueNonvested'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpirationsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpirationsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_FinancialInstrumentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RealizedGainLossOnMarketableSecuritiesCostMethodInvestmentsAndOtherInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentTypeAxis=us-gaap_USTreasuryAndGovernmentShorttermDebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_FinancialInstrumentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesMaturityPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtSecuritiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentOwnedAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAxis=us-gaap_CashMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtSecuritiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtSecuritiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentOwnedAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtSecuritiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtSecuritiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtSecuritiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentOwnedAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtSecuritiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentOwnedAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentChargesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitIntraperiodTaxAllocation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017ChangeInTaxRateIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_EstimatedTaxActImpactOnEarningsPerCommonShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=med_MarylandStateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_UnrealizedGainLossOnInvestmentSecuritiesAndForeignCurrencyIncomeTaxEffectsAllocatedToEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitIntraperiodTaxAllocation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccruals'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsCapitalLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_DeferredTaxLiabilityAccruedExpensesAndDeferredCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsUnrealizedLossesOnAvailableforSaleSecuritiesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPrepaidExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDepreciations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCreditsResearch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherReconcilingItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCreditsResearch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherReconcilingItemsPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCredits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_OperatingAndCapitalLeasesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquipmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RealEstateAndAccumulatedDepreciationDescriptionOfPropertyAxis=med_CorporateOfficesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_OperatingAndCapitalLeasesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeLeasingArrangementsOperatingLeasesTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RealEstateAndAccumulatedDepreciationDescriptionOfPropertyAxis=med_RawMaterialsWarehouseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_OperatingAndCapitalLeasesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeLeasingArrangementsOperatingLeasesTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationByCategoryOfItemPurchasedAxis=us-gaap_InventoriesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_OperatingAndCapitalLeasesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis=us-gaap_SegmentContinuingOperationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'

O+G)E;'.MDD^+
MPD 
Q;]*F?L:5\'#8CUYZ6U9_ )Q)OU#.Y



*P).B0\5?UX^8 TBTH_0(:+L A#&^NQT:E8(C

0;FP@R8;-OGYIH(?
MMWF\81AU8\K(XK%T-8943OTJDH\ Q:X831F:3LTXXFBD(3^ G/
6+V2?$9/
M-(X'PJ8%EQV^3O8:W7..7AKQ%/25V^9CGIYFHQ*/B76_..7+8\#?NW_+
R$Y@?TSJ2\M.&PQ6V-C-V&IK&CO&UDCZ]DNR
M-F5L#[CI9\_?0(U)DK3)7Q)7<1$#O/-X-N0I8DK=B*$B; WJ=RS$1QN:N

P(N1*8::Z1)J*E+9[PUSY^IG:&60/8
MHL= &40I@*EI8CP-;0-7P 0C3#Y_%] NQ+GZ)W;N #LGA^R65-_W95_/N7$'


M !




B0103 9IZ_PP JE3%ZU6FD PSA]R1
2
(<7<K_WUE[O)



9:AAOBTQJP1X!-]M[X(


MCVFS(Z=T)LWH







M\J(A[J&&F




3


M'K'I$&2$@ $1Z=B# 

M0IJN$F*8X2(S5&3FBSBELD$@$[4R1R7F/C]S)!!(CDM C'LN]B
4KNMB;[7F
M$=D8M]APMW@*[FUA6&F5%+/P+Q(A#O+X)@)@H

JN-G!
M]S))714$





M=14U?K^(7^7+!E1O






M% .KC=*\:
.*-E2T1J)OB'G81H*4 F%KBEEEC42:*94Z9P4O.64EIU2R09)3


MG1.&%^U8T8Z*MDBTH\\S$_BDKBFELE3A.%

MLG^50 1K@04#U:*=P8HIE68:*Z80I%

M&NN(:HJ!M8!K$H.%7*DF4J7DJY)




M+GAM;(U678^;
==&3$_U!Y7._Y6H63%$.=4L[4;/.X_2X\A_1LD*&8! _:WH3

0];C2DC:-CJ1T_!Z#^E-.39R/WZ)_-N:5

DFD'0
MA A4\E#!&781 [=2EZB#C\%U(!D#LB8M!F;/CQW&8
\Q.0GQA^
N
GL56F

M$EMJY4*R.RH6H(J%JR*W*K;XCXJY&&P5O@+#A+!6%
('5.BJ7=@G5 CDL;[/

9Q9
D.9BVAI?QD


MJE2&#ZJJ9W4UF28-/4H]Q&K



!9(LUXT]:)1%DVS@/8\D89-
M8F@25-:M(4GBQ*J[!B1-)[29ZR3C#K)D).
ECY.$HED.T8&3N5Q(P7/&T'\

MH'DRX\O# U-28FI
S%ES

M T]2EJ5 5E*!HQ:QKX:\\R3%'H:0T]2GK%^J.PU/SSWI*85]H!3\E3E&H:
MORPD)18('R)X8DF*+(V1)2F
V
)1F=(J]O@!'ED@2.%\7S?@(0
4
@9#!AC(

*0!19K!2 /*JC=*&.W!+_P @HK
MW(ML@6G118%[EE8G4F
Y\4







P


W
2FH&@_7C(
MH^E/4_T!4$L#!!0    ( 



MA$F


)^^
]3T^[J?GALGU?=H0WUXQ2TVZXX2?QJ5V_VR]OK


M?I7RB$G/:#IWQO*8
0!QHH:ELJ#4)9%\

5
M:

QIEI JL7_H%K8 5%
+2)7C506
M\H$H


M)=96!4 YF:PMB%V


M'F3M0PM825;XO6&

-[841I:B2RY&7N%B'6$3

5
D#Y

M61!N=Y8 8R/61QCNVPT] E0
E XUWA$DT9P(2=KHL1C/



(6*R(F(


M6\





2S;[\-)DRZZL?
30SDKZ[J


M4!\JFVTZHR(/9!A&09'M]O/EHKOV6T7Y5N3[_;VL9K5;T615?]=V[P\7LW%
M_./M]WKMFDO!



M4E^S!AH=#IK Y79(L(0)EMT VAM D

D$;T+

^4N@C!9
E$UFES



2')@R
9C)$C&9EBK)F2Q'YBPQDB5 
JM6DM/V0AI-H3PI
M\P
::7!1ATMKD03$U2/-H

98FXA&
M

Z&;FYL/X)TD8E&RK'$

U0.(:($$-
'1;)CG=
MA1SM?23&NP1X-Q3O$K7EXYXPX24@O-$TS:E=GM-ROA)F;_SQ917G/*TL%WW
MFL_+S!A#93= )FES?:]XP3 F3N@^:U+FSPV7%@5*VLB%*\92DCZ4$^I_'!P


M1M1/PIY^MN@X09.$+(8'

Y%

  !@


VR+=L7P





.F1%'Y)^%%D5DS

M\K_@?!N^WU2XC_#];PK_D3_=)$@C0?K?$K=B_E3)5CW58)LX38Z49NCB)*^\
$ IR16.4(L?;#$4U#X</^+93F,V
M&=[T\P]BRS<N?@)02P,$%     @ QXIA3B M2'&T 0  T@,  !@   !X;]W

S8^TZ$



1L-A]WT
M@]C\C?/?4$L#!!0    ( 


M?;91@?









M]CKM7
5]G&ZR=*9M$^A










]R!4H$(9;Q.G'1.&8#+\P?[?:P=:SD)!W=&_9&E

M\0Z]YWQ[S5-V#D13S&&

DG@N1+B6LQEU^2L$5/-=@Z3I



1L.;;OI!;/[&^5]02P
$
M%     @ QXIA3E/YC\ZS 0  T@


MJ9EM#? R@I1DR6IURQ07FN9I])U
GF+GI-!P
L1V2G'SYP@2^XRNZ=7Q).K&

4FEE(HT%:@)@:JC-ZM#\=MB(\!OP7T=G8FH9(SXDLP


SK_

B14+AQW_FR&
1L
A^WX@]CTC?._4$L#!!0    (
M 
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#$T+GAM
M;'U3VV[<(!#]%<0'!^[;=R5;2F;JDJE1EJE:OO
VF

MO@ SG'/FPE!
VCS;'LA5RF4+7'OW' DQ-8]2&9O] #*W[3:2.:\:3IB!P.L
MB20I

M'7P']V


6@L;5U2/UFF95'PJDKW..U=QG])-GFC;
M!)H(='D,0Z9 \7,/S/'JL+H9FY]P
+3[P[4M^;.CAC*^*=3]YZ[[7:W7XJ




M\[


$I#? SX+F&TJS,)E5P07X+QN<KI+@@!:4+
M#

[8BGCGQ5OOO1;[ \_8-1#-
M


O97?C

/8LLW+GX!4$L#!!0    ( 




3'@!\!KLXDU#)&?$U&%^JG&Z()!0NL# _7:!

GG5

\U

D
V

M;$P4E3]PQXO
X$#

8D
MRY@Y@GGV.46REN*8_ -/UN&[586[-_]H?!FG2!=)4@C0?K?$M=B;O]*PA8]
M56:.$V6E-CK.
D+[SRP=TE\D]_AX[1_XZ81VI(S.O^RL?\UH@
O97/E1ZCU
M'VPV)-0N'&_]V8QC-AH.N^D'L?D;%Q]02P

MT@





4C]U09,@"14/C!PW*YP#U(&
M(I3Q:^:D2\H 7)]?V#_%VK&6W=P;^1/4?NNH =*:FCX(/V#&3_#7
\[2N;B
MO\(5)(8')9BC

7X_%E8_\;8SR@E.0&1ZC##[88





%)5_


7\;
$0S9





H.Q9T3U\=3[+M0G2P



MY)5W&=@'GM[D=_@T[9^%:Z7QY&(#OFSJ?V-M )2RN\$1ZO#+8:)L3C&SR[

_15!'U E2K:F@6V@Z3!L









2YX;6Q]4]MNVS 
_15!'U E2GI!8!MH.@P;L %!

BK5L;GM VA.S#F

WM75:!#1=PWSG0%0)I!7CF\T-TT(:6F3)=W)%9ON@I(&3([[7


5
]$
M?.+M@6-ORNA,K4AW*-ZC]U+@@V;L$HFFF.,8PQ<QVSF(?N<@J^E./*_X'P=
MOEM5N$OPW6\*_Y%_OTJP3P3[_Y:X%O.G2K;HJ0;7I&GRI+2]29.\\


MQ.9O7+P!4$L#!!0    ( 



M$B=!!YC:3G)]^QK#T=2

$KT_




#
LDD.1'!#
/1&$661&129C0E8ZHD@3 FYE!D#@C($T&8#(LL
MH




M
RYX;6QU5.UNVR 4?17$ Y2$V-D4V9::3E



GP _.Y@-*L]\IV<E7KQ
MP;<JQQMO#B4UC
PMUS@ 3CW1
[&Z\R)%TE?N-Y?V;^&WETO9V;@0?'GKK)M

M'6?^:UF\@


$%     @ R(IA3AWO7X6X 0  T@

]=Q3
A7_%6Z@$!XRP1B%42ZNI.B=-WI2

5#


M%
$96Q'O



M*%1RTOH]&(]U@9.0$ BH7%!@?CO#'0@1A'P:?V9-O(0
Q/7Y4_TAUNYK.3$+

MCGZ=; MDFP)9%


00T+ARO_=E
8S893O?S#R++

M='





MHU\GZP*[58%=%-C]4R+_4N(:YFL0MNBI!EO':7*D


M+W-H965T

M/


R0T:W
M]-WQ(NO&!P?+TT[4\ W\]^YBT6*S2BDUM$Z:EEBH
OJP/9V3@(^ 'Q(&MSB3
M4


M+W-H965T

 &!!W6/2LV?4%U




M*H*]3FLGPSI.)RF=P^(!= Z@2\ AZ)!)*&3^D5E69%J-2$^][YG_Q9LC=;TI
MO3.T(IRYY(WS7@NZO\_(U1/-F-.$H2O
9D$0Q[Y(T)C$B;X+I_'P;33#;0C?

T^BXF3[%WLM5P


2 @F%PK

M(X8O
-L9P;SZ'(*OA3CS_^A\G;Y;S7 7Z;ME].-A72!9%4BB0/)/B?L/):YA
M/@9ABYXJ




MCTTJA=30.&D:8J%
I6%KU.ZHZ2 4G3*OYC^*XS]

WBQ5N(GTSS[[[LBRP71381H'MAQ9W5RTN8:Z3L-E
M-=@J;I






WS/#\E3)$:GI[GOF?O'N3.W=%

'2%


3A4

@R]?+?4$L#!!0    ( 

M&BSO))PT
H
^DK-2K][X7N4X\0D!A])Z!N:6SPYY[(I?$V

[KYGOL7I@;J[*;TS7$4X<\D;Y[T4].X^(Q=/-&..$X:N,.F((Y]

B*

S+GAM;'53




+&%96]=5I.*CX5R=[&G:NX#^/-[F:BK1/H

MH0ES'#%T@=G








MU:+E5Z_MUD-#];+##[%Z73L]:=Z.^4\]3Z%F+RN2I8O@HH4LYK'#D $F&V+6



M*4ETK][V21WV^D')#E+?INJ^[4X\W4#RQI[F@OY(N?H'4$L#!!0    ( 
B*

U+GAM;)56
MT8Z;
7
2LF3:3.4Y4+4$
M=G1!)0]H&

MP2:MV1E^@/Y9[Z69!3W+L2BA4H6H/ FGM;\EJQV-;(!#O!;0J
'8LU(.0KS9


M653NV73\MS \@'8!M \@L=/2)G*5?V*:;5(I&D^VFU\S^Q^3%35[D]E%MQ7N

M!#.48.8(HO\(1@3


M@_NQ!'EVG8'R


MU3/39_I

M5=3YY^9AM'W:E


MRW*Y;#SE./YIG0X/]VP
N]_?O$]V@\^#^5YLR\MJ^??BKGX\'\;AX*Z\+YZ7

E74Q<79IGH=


M1<G P$P@];ZBH'IT(UZGQ(4EJ)+B 83B@I1*42$:P850#F4&0S*!4#A







F8!%)@?3UJ(1W#P&/N/F5003GL;
; K#*XWLRY

MK04QI 



M3#
%C$9Q<.UIN%?MRU (JM;IE



).;IA#.FY-&'JR]C$X
M(2N

MP%5+N:JE)SA68*'UQY=Q*_#+
K45\\M2?NGN\XW^C01Z6::RXB)N:65U6AJ0
MP$'+E%7
04O+JH8D/3\3..B8HHKKMZ-%-4F[NA.(ZIAV-2:JHTWFK!.$^PA$
M=92H4NEV E'=QTW?J:-$E4


5&.J8*DD2FE9))M91YQV:


M%YN'Q7H[^%[5=;7:O9YS7U5UF8//!__AX+$L[@X_EN5]W7P-^?MF_]K9_D==
M/;6OU(T.[_5=_ =02P
95;W59#BT9'_]-C?K7/H?^?Y;ZY_'P9O!/.6=WC;ECV+?
[N7KF^JJ15C



MC23O&TG^;.2FDU3L)&7T)$JNS\3ZC)NTEV/&3
8AH07&EJL48&*'!5=1 LHQ



06R)$ 0B;8P04R*YT1!EC%#!V1!?*
M&*. L3WMR#%60([+BXXG%,ZQ*W!0YA@YQW;@W/G^(

L'

M=VHY=TKF3BW@3G'N*'&]FRK'Z_1R[)2

M)&Q56P\($GW[P?8]1Q,I^4B!OR^YSP',!0W+EYD3:D*7EO6R4U8*]6O 9'




8YS/TOL98D]+
ZD;@=-






-YK1I@SQUOJ/
4W'1K&GA


.6^J+@H+?B@8E+A]


MBP+D3B *9TGN/&;C


MME$3[SB@C[&](3/_S@RNG[

M&0T&I;9;
QA(^G'SAA;=\)+@\3G+_P%02P
$%     @ R(IA3OZH?JRA @
6:2;T3YI]BKT]+/
M?&_/#^Q<JB=Q_<K[A&+?Z[/_SB^\U'C1
^Q$Z6T3V]WEDI4/8N64K'7[EW4









M4?(@2NZC9
$%0 =W]\46P1$^.2AE$*0



M;(U4V6[;
!#\%4$?$.I.;
@8AM![2 D:+M
RVO#H04%9*VTK\O#T6Q)3;H


35W--.CHR]Z.#K


M!]\[087/1#ZSX0N




1*GLIXC3)T44+C9BMQ417F'!(*4^;1&YMMA&WIT


$%     @ R(IA
=J;;=_G%G.OO.N_N9:E1F@;B =??N-P&D<G+LT@\5

DUK?


KW#F'C(W,,]8?,
M \( Y L6A@R91XP!PWKF !

1Z!X1%8

A*)



(@PZ!J4$M U& 5K^X!0NK;0-!C$.;0)

&ULC57I

*YO!93: \:_ 5






51,4T.ZNT^F6?
MY4E45H?YP2[.N8IVC5$2V]QQ/#N)3JFUF#7G7O/%++N4\2E5K_FDN1)E/^W
M5'%VG5O




WSN:NXAL(X[EX
ML +V130.Q*!:$CN0T(%L'

M

M







JC;W5
.D
2 Y8%^H7_*@
MR++XQB0'  RU ')*?J$H,4!Z.JS3W5
&D

M

HSE4=@\ D OM SN

TT@7$E]/'2CYIG7@
!4$V@3ID\Y0:E&


MQ





MX81D)03(;E/2$=.A'B[XA&PF91R!#*JXV.ZII64C1!W(XW8[:CRA^S$SU
M*QMTQ7;O3'F4B5[++%H4Y&J%1LQFP0S3#PAB%&?MDBP+3;)!WIRN\'V(R*-


8I@$-YNC9G-$(/7
8IC

XMAO$]YAV%RW.P2-;M$
M!+PCWF 8[XBW&



MIN[8D_#DM6VI^%NRAM^W/O+?-K[7I[



6:
MQF32.OX



M06P3Q+



$F\(F7%G]!2


$&IQ#74 S:CTM46%*PGY4&Z
&PO
M=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#0X+GAM;(U676_;(!3]*Y;?9QO\F2B)U#B:-FF3
MJD[=GFE$JNV\8 DW;\?8.K:0-+D(09\[KGG7E_@+BZ$OK(CQMQ[:^J6+?TC
MY]T\#-GVB!O$ M+A5KS9$]H@+J;T$+*.8K131DT=PBC*P@95K;]:J+5'NEJ0

_7O;4^



M*#&+

M[@
6.$Y8:_MHT+@$TBA(K8*R88ZZVWS*UNL.1_=M@^E!]3+
VY)3R^65-%H=


B*84Y0&Z:IV@$  +\$


MC=%.9JA1JC]B+


M.
.$?R.*-2+R)PC6!B87X::+T/*C&3\X[+8%HDV!R K$





YX;6R-5%V/FS 0_O([SWSE9!&@'1)5+52*T57
M7?OLD$U 9V-J.^'Z[VL;PA'PG?H2V\O
[.S&WK3EXD66 
I[9;26&2J5:M88

*+T49RQ; 20HR4QBD/?7V)&JAKEJ8WM19[RBZ)5#7OA

MUKO$XW@5P6M'.T]4\F!\Q=S^';,D&\, 85&06BERML@5(CI&W\Z371D-(0

MPX0C3# @L%8?4H2N%)MP1@_O$VSGB

1




MQ
/0SO\!4$L#!!0    ( 




M0N

M29


M21PKFCU%IFZO $V282
&&C' 2.H8



M*DF)]IC)H)F

C7DRPG#3L@)
M2V$4?6B(RVX9PO 4B)[NI!E%'QKBLEN&


M[L?M%2#3E[)K0YA'$FW$W'DL^2X+&@*R&X8PW22B&YLV@&[($)#=
(3I)@'=

&D)[
M*7?2$* (L
-5-^Q@UA!BC:]N]!2.GV -8=;0%-80AXA








+@U[L
MD:OD+.6S



MU5'7$]&.V



M



B!O.
77P\SC-#

$F3S*OK%)7/\AAV


2-+]
M_0[KH-OJK[$0,XY]]P+@KNX/FL#ISKX*5M.K4



C[^#:#C&M
3I


MK'L







M$R0@P+Y!PY5/O/Y2=%XN4

-3+


@-QS?NXQAPC'W'

MVXXF#V'+Y=XU&2K8B%.G[7LR61T;F0?7QWCK:]O@N ?V3:;OCKXSN:\[%3P)






2HIF7C9ZF)'7B6LJNLR@8.W!/7NJ;\[Q8JUFW\A7\/









M_7OV+\Z\

R+R 9R)S5

PW^

--17%
$@.
M@N0 B.=VEP=%

MAFY]CE!2++PB%8A1 1C$PZB ]Y#Z3R84X1POH* 4[D
I $/]1I0&A1Z*@OC-


IV_
MMO\!4$L#!!0    ( 
B*84XBO)6RJ 


!#'OTJ4]VMBQWFJ *D!39NT256G;:]3
! U
MB5EB2O?MYSR4POF?=F\@
;^[^]LYW^'








M@_UB][^9Y6G-Z/
B9/[

/R86?
][/(3@*D7'+G%\'6-I$0#2L

EFUI
M
Y_BF(BUF8EUC:'4&$BE


6P8#/8.F:08A6JTA9*6%#8ED2C'N' RT

M@Y5QPCB5#&)HH_QZV(@U84T%H!(5HK$$139P4]3=0*CML5!^TJB*EB&[I\

M='




YC9\/
[
5&UF(C2[$3 K%5('[\N&96@=E=


+AWW0)D*#&ZH$?C:WOW R=JFD;O1!M)\P
D6B17D[+?4#A)

B*84X6'835_P$  +\%   9



[L*5*0@8G)11H'JYPC
P

;
MF
T4@[3^!


A#



233.[^ ]0
M2P

C#^*AH Z;Q1THG4;:3L]PB)H@&*Q1/KH5

4

*&X[-TN

7\;PZ$#:GKNS?'
M2ULW4CM0EO2XAA\@?_8GKBPTJ90MA4ZTK'

M

#(

CJJJ%0H


^
M^;M%L2N@7;10.JZ @FV\R!?-?C(%7IL!$D[!+IW4O9IYIQE]#O0E6?AS-;MV

M:&5E='



VZ]\0$RKDR$?8EO\NM7J?TN6-;AF^8_BJ'7I_$KBM!BZQ[(\

MLDL9GU+]FCO%)4FB_/=8Q]EUZ%+WUO#]=#B658



MH)XU%N#\%D#2F[*D0\3\;7)76SZ=\WN2D#)EY36'6E3J
R&@WR[.KDS5P[
M1]64IGUC99Q7K77MUS^::BU


MXV!H'&-FV;/''B8VX5/UR$PQ)GQD9@C#R,S1QB +# W])%YP1@PK7&  %6

-FM
MNT9H&U-*AG#JVY0


H#,,(E!;&R(] 1*TP N2/</SF34+U0:


H
C'(28S4!EC*$C/%(5 ;S

M@FK


MPGG+2O



M5(UA[!P?BW6YP@7.XY-\TWQ.@!/]TS_MW.3;LIKEB_BO1;Z.W\*'C4.H/RGS

O'[=6BG $JKO)-VW96=W=P!2XVJ]F7
M)+ZXS==%%7_8;JI-OIS#[AJ'\N']Q8?SLY.CR].3^.(2?KP[?7]Y$7]XBT?]
MX=VI(@45CP;TX/)VM:U@PIA^F#_WD4!QKN^'-6_/%O.5G<%'49!V-U^JS\5
M7XOEMH%#QRN@H:OKN
H7S;/[:;VJJOA^O;HN&Z\@',!47Q3;$$#%HD
6PM
MSN=WY9+NR*;\VIA
EGN]7MW%0*'71(D:LW[8W +BEOSL0?$-2'E5'#;'VA0
MZ(T\F
3+HK'&]ZNE3 




%3#!O7_R.




MD1$@Z4OD(PD
6=T7
Z3#BP;[/UL-]@$Y +\0OA_53.%(E+@#\4]WG9N
H?

D%TCYA%F7Z XAF,CF.]IY9T0,V!4@]W

M

7#37I8E8L
M<]KDA@N_]<22.?B470&V.:_OZ

MG)6H]:VJ\@GM]VBQ6#W XP7QPP81WH7HB4/TW8\UL'WWXXSWNY]9M6LO/@(E





5U^0W):5B(2&.]%@%8GJ4]K$7JW-34@1HK.\AMOV






ML8)=KN[+63SJC5J%N9
=^\'I]
MYEB7
UR6(!

Z_N@]*@Z%WJJ?X=@OP&PKZ'O!I
MO/





MJD^P^-LB7VQN'T&%_


MP-@3((0&C]59R
D+_%@






(&5:-=WS.?-XM



B)

M@

M..HO)CC*^80!-IOU]DXN!*)OS7SG9$6@&6:(\

C4O0G$K
+.

(S$FNT6
M1-M99T
]MZZ


  #X 5L+U
M LVO6 -4







]*0




 ^&:6)YQCC/WRW
K62.W,6)
MXA<E.E7U1RCTLG.$1)Y^ (1I1:K1UCVH_4O
5^PV+$N #N6E3L2?_'$
]$N
MM%XM;)02+*QD/4%Y$.@@C/2PTH)^0LJ3



MT-4;',U\+:2:9 'T#1S 1QJJ];'MO
JT(=1( NZ*US')T1(ZSH9O&;($Q$
MP9(_#:QN_).QN2&JH*T!!-.ULQNZVR&&:KRF'FEE*P@#%!V7C@ !]I/(JJD

M6G\- 2A S;P)U)PLW0YW:6K#9?2#O!UK*+NU5D\0-;\6QL+P=YH1 1G_D2?
MF3DGI,#=Z+CEFM(HE-B-^A-R$% G.3\H4-KE!9O4#LUEPZ'YR HW(Z#LDJ(
M

MBX 7@(H4&N%46%PE26OK-?)-(S$PF%G ++VYX\K*QPE\UC#825XA7\U1?C








?
Z_%
:Q:DF=B9YAQ#)&=D2HZ\)WOXI+

#;5#*@





NB
M)%PITD

^39?+,%IS3[U8<T4)$CI1
M#1[VM=9( -Q5P&RD02:NP-YM **'5:!MV\,GXSNZQU0. 
0=8J\I/S^-?L6


ML[D
V;71&4-@]B:O/

M JDKDLMIBPDU#V

:ZK'_I*H.O+
%:

MQ0-O!.;ZU3I@:ZO#FPD N2+G6'2D\@6.2:#NQ/HS)V3+? 0:HT(E!(7[C3(N
MV0A:3$QX7&V!]\T+E(&

M0
8==ZV* BU;#!-7ZQ4)' 52Y;W
IJ:




DE-

MI/(2.L9.$M:)-U HVKVI7N4[(?;.#)$'Q7@D4A 1-G4O4.&V@7EQ08%GL\*+
M*L0

!

^3?2'YE
MO]A&@H0IR\19\FVIF]QD@ EH-@& TB)UF(OL16\51)T9**'&.L9H2Q$/#;^@


MJ
^T_^^9N7H;RELAXL!FFG9@H!]7XA;Y8G*DBTF


ZH*P?X&S@YS1
MGPXR?Q!3#R%DS4X%-V]&
7/=R)8K^@@(3=*_%4':*I)+U+
*]M'2J)=0\5 O

V0 UJ6]^^O&B+A'_BFMH@3E'*RZH
MS)'_LDK


WW1ZT\2/
M33NV$3(D2YA FRH^L(7*#F
6IE!#




M!?]Z
H)1)-6Z7N:ZQ2$&C%K;PQ#?2C9V( &B*!LL@#_LCJS)3(4(B&*'@_3]



M]4/P==V%$'V&R7@RY5^& T2C;# *O-3L_H

M#83XY8Q_]-K'V*NQD$IJI/5AYX?!V/RP7XIF /


1T+)A
MU$_&V20P0:@JLB:F-=$C2N%D^P.@D?U^DJ9PD])D/


MC3T]P$.@9@= 4E(8
P46/1XHOGGF!''VO+:HFJ
.O!FN0=.)/TC8X\'%]FI#
M:N8D&W;2WN$/7J8HA\:1M=WXK]V 1\Z
Y#X\5P8E%OZPJ \H
7\S.L@U1TEN
M[\E4Q.;E8GDKT9JZ

M8G2BJE%Z











+1R?0E*39W



M


3&BGQSE^'18$4S/R_]\3S9@AD?BE[0. F
M.1.UPR='ON AWN)7::\[L99=BI]

WXV.] 4++99<\P)3=M2DWC0< 
K(&(^CTH



Z\.V@7XDT_Z@OF<*YS1[37KC032<CIJL0]P!P$/8#MPXKD8/


6I2
80Q.H%RW)^77)*^5Y?Y_GV
ZZ??1-I]UANN\(




M*:0FL/:(J60* A!%].6R:WUDP56;D^*;&GS$&G






+Q+M1U

MN4;1\TOM.FK:Q9



97O#WP'
M:B=SDD00&86V<R3+.#7+^(C+V/<QZ #D30\LZ6*9==4?^








MHEFE\$XO %0'YV0IF[N?4Y5?9+24\_*




7UQ^^HQ!U[E.SH6+OEDTBGI45ZWQUJ?=WN_:FX<J0CEE?6T%A+LGE-0
M.*2DU*%\@ZGP?O]1U?6/6K=B\2/

MHBRK5C66_8








#:NCA/FD[ [<9!T!$:]-5
MZY8-[O&T;:@S;@5*@T9!!F0P]/GHHC;(PQ!&%2) I/)F</RZPNJ2&@:1.#J
MTTSJ3) LR'76R6*.=1&4?&'*%VW


+ERE.(7*F
M:TA0[8;9J:YH2F0%@I.B)?/%(G-FI^_!4;B2Q([I2N@U:-VJSF^:-9@=!8




G C&+G+%^O'X7I5M%H DKS=%!#'N]THDF:

5%B1;55EXR!-TNF4

Y^86?.S#HZ72PZBZ]12+(/J*\LH2&UY[
B

Z-W1:\;IE-Z&43NUQ; 7%3

MJV@$D.UU)Z^C%



;&+.LTWSD!7='?DKT=

MN^: A$6^9C.T8K%PR!CQ9\.7^

M4.LTZATY!PBTT;3$!)O077QD^^




MEJ.H76HM

M=:BZR(@N:8#G0XPDR^%@& Q!Q$0@G=T3HDA7ID@FU8!_@?FV197[SB)@'SP+
M5S)-)]SU:T VG20;CR)7HY-!\GVF9PF;3;T8^ZQF
^QI*Z*/XI^7MM0^VJ9


;I?$



RZ2.:5N::AC#N$.*%N7U\QN



X*TEJ-
M#=]+\16RN0SPO4 L3:U.J0/X& N+9ASG


M3K6]:[J\ W7\

NLN
V$OB _-;@U1^

MMRLJZ?] KO3M557.RWQ-QJ$_YA5





9J7.!WXS;J#4A6PN54'1W03S86)=K/YCM&

2I@3K*E_IRY8%5

MA=M^A\$&;.LT54X977(/IH%M/E69B/O
3%6]+#+Q#5IK!=11*8P#+JBI$__6
M ^W_Y!YHP19YC5RGO1[R)/OVU Q/4)L75U[
I5*.\FHW002)M?EU?3RD PY;
M=HYPEU%AV+D*$*;,UU,W**@F*AV?2@4MYS=I(F0LF



M.[H$-H@OU(83#\6XK6V=/%=47=JP+RCG1&=ZX%+%7[E?C3N_)9UUO?D=Z7H
MN+[D8.D


 $-4S!@V(8B3$1N7RB!HH&:(!6%X@H2JJ_[K%P#LF/!
M/BZD

COZ42V(6QP(;X[54T4%M$R@;TB7YPY8E-XGT1#U(KB :3U$?
ME4NK!UJ32SY56;D(H5UKP.*:[D7:



G

6%7Y9$TXJ7S R'2[BCXP&I0#/VLP5Z@I39VH9%QV

M:R38&[0L$CIS 2KB98GYPW&E1$EJ*
!L[XC#W@)[W+#VN#3F=T[;P BTJFO#

ZN;=7XG_1\LCJT+P+%EA?5H0XN7C

M*:

MI8UFP'[1[66=
PCJ@IU$ &ZH+?N0L(Y

&(UQ6DX55








*V
';\V69+U.LF4)N7RPUPV42T3D94I4N#0
M$/^ ?ZJ*CQS8O]D&[N_871_<ZL_?CQ?8/(Q89DR0\G0K--[57D2
6RIK!JO


M^I&Y:^$B='Q9E(0K17HV7JH$YS!5+$E\X:M-4BK77OJ!'F=4Q''=0AVUQ^D7



ORF83JB6%0YZ&QWJLR]&B\;OP.10FA%)S.DP/?**Q7E 1I
M*M^UT3X&%P9 A J#!(@E/9H_XR#E5+WBWQ;F46I
$..)K6!%8UF8DSAM6;$



F
MF)\NN!;A_JO9+0RU
/

M^P%LG3UJZ/ZJ^/F




M%$C;7]B[AE4






M_= &#=E%F]9TU;82C_V6FP_GE$Y(9-@Y&_C6P8:VJK)4D2^DZ\W&V*BE:#3%
M.5+


1VUIXW&!?.0+5Q+?]J0


M^BCGUBR/2GG5W-




R7*/!L

.@*4U!&!5P!\?'*KSTT\RY


M;/4OJ5+MXA=

5IE3/Q%!!


)TFZ73(E35[JAKA

4]WAQ2N*UQ]/D\ETC\G5/X^3;)IJ-?&Q1XM
ML*)^VDLF_5'4!_XY&:;1P70R#/7*!?9BT;3I#?J1Z-)





KS)'6T+I&D!_!A-1]Q.*MR+1
H. OH



M75F)J#]))I

M


$&]5Y-YO@\GAN

9)
M-(5;ER'MZ;T
*5) +(37 (CI8#=6=*(^\H)^B-A\!S[TQTDZZ.%2^N-H@*6E



?O


+?LWC9)0+4JMF[C+796K'BT WU\!O3
MQXXRT(UUVI7
L%257@: ENDL,E7AAF9@L!!Q<&,SP:9XPVYX@)+303[ZABI!/N(_0T%+DL
M\1)FD1P286 I!(F*6%.LJ0.N(#&YGW7S0$04EP*-M\1EY!O7F0#:T%+
%A/
MK+\FM35[$9E6%YL:=*R9%5=.B.FOW:U(T6*')\N]EQ2T@$X;%G84;TP5!
0%
2=1!_J$_ 09-D+L)73LKJ?@6X;Z- WZK
MU_9_3[VV]FX5!GL .._ARK8+;V0)=U*S]Z I);^?3_4W6_YOMOS?;/F_V?)_

4S1)HF;6LB



M#& $692.8 Q]G5ZT)*?DD8CJJ8+/TW(S[$D





M@!Q 2^@F9Q
]VTW[JM
M8FG%


L
MI:YH'


M)9NV'8P
M

N


]
P#=)MT
MX(_QJ&]_VCT-)O2W/ 1_C4 (&O!LM4=KV\_4]M]MER4U5(VO5H 7H#$F8Q2F
M0'-$1M3##Z8@W73



M8@[7'4**
$KZ4_(798 8$_:#C;3IBN*3T
*,1Y 6(;:^$]':WRJ$6QI,!BA
M*R3+)N089H\C$NSN9X#])J!I'
P0JP]Z 





QH


M=36WX&

\U_
MIAA;




V0: I'8-H&;W


%J

M&5L4:SK0(219+^MAU)^.HX//4HH$S+S/
LPSR/S/*%9PJ%2I2S1L4ZXE\*JA

%IT,J/
M$L?;JMD

M@QDE5.U!Y6^M*M$




G' F8 CGLP
M#&]+Y?_MD\$7)@+


RE:3_ZZ'DJQ9\5'U%BS2[9






)IY@GU(%PHN-+0$
'OL^A3


MP?2PAN;FTK3P




M







(3OVG<
?2RV=*/ZD]%K^TXEZW\G&823%LP!P[AZE..* -


XQL HS=VR_F
M2W:@W63(C;%;XF-D*7:FF75G#KOFM\C[:DY[7_8X7532C=3O:S
=T?;MX8$[








NPX-8\KM!I]=AO+'UI2RMT&-NQ9^Z


S


'J-;
;P;XW




4
M=@8Q
77$].H((Q4.(I6P0V+JB(G5\392.=K@F$!B8H&\%R2\@$)



MH/0T\YS]6P]W)#$%9
W&VPAB8@K*J/==#A9Q#X9/B(DI*-64#AM
M?#/0TQ
01GY\AK$?#UBDR?_UD-

L5@+

M6:C?6JB[__QM)=92B=7

M?!G[+P&__0M02P






J.5PN\6Y:
-WR/J3_6=_O]\=M^MIO

M00_TH
?EH$=Z4%P#&=?\)(0U7^L(N(Y\KR









B*84Z7BHMLZ $  &LD   3
M6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM;
W:74_,!0&X+]=FM8Z1=^1+Q1;Y5$_T#=

+;3G?-N-




I12.4HIG(45#F*JAR%58[B


M% 



M 

M971S+W-H965T
2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     #'BF%./Y*H_\\#  !Y$   &

  !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T-RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     #'BF%.
MV-5;P+


  !@


M 

M971S+W-H965T






3
N

  !D              ( !


;0F:V 0  T@,  !D              ( !6C4  'AL+W=O<FMS
M:&5E=',O<VAE970Q-RYX;6Q02P$% 



B*

M+W-H965T

4




4





4     #(BF%.37PFFPX  #(!0  &0

M   ( 
B*84X.K8@TIP
  &$0   9                05U  !X;]W;W)K











B*84Y0&Z:IV@$  +\$   9

M%     @ R(IA3CY@HV4. @  P 4  !D              ( !Z(H  'AL+W=O


YX;6Q02P$% 




M 











M:&5E=#8P+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 


M  @ R(IA3@+$KD_';@  AK4! !0              ( !-:X  'AL+W-H87)E



'+6




R@]^=^?__J7W_[7V=G_^W+_%9F.X8^([2'#)=@C

RV&^2] W;.
7(FYLU_1VK5YKH;.S\$5?
(
''1N)-^HU

\K][\UQ-U:K]?[

M YVP!X 30K]Q-ITS8TA&^)X






$O9Y0/:Y=9!L53:NW_M
MS1?QM#

TB8-HY7)8]

M3
CII'S;UV/W#CW*(^P8'MK5/%0QCVZD0OR/NP'%'O)S!
MPQ[9'DCU2/U+'([ -7ZGI8VLQS3&D9'#U3@S?HZ]PVX :QVUM&S@1YZ3
MCVM9&DFQ;.:I#
F67




M%\@5(JW')6LE1+DG4'[2@\\SC

A
MEI$NUPW8\A2U#3JVR!5VK4G?=';(ALP7Y_K/C/SI\V6LK_#7BBPN72^))*9A


OJTL4O
M/K7XJ3)PV_3CS6CL.J^!X:G6G%
QLP%(Q%G9(J%2IAIE4*RS1O53X)/M*9



*/2RW@^E(

5)T47CCMVH+%P4W9)

MTOO8^EKEE&M


DA

M


Z-'3S^

$GF!+2-8F/C#

YKEJEK^1XBWI*I:ZV
M5FQ=8#8$'\#_X1')*T3,RX'6-PA0)M^P^Y-XU[YM+@]9KC%U_\63[Y
9A__


MG[Y17G.0-GUES/U*@M-F5E96?/-M8



%0V\#[A@XI?<H&RF<#
M):OZIVS@4=G PU1Z/J3T*1LHGPV4J]YXPC-23%
LUL?6':;FC7V!Q]3#5CED

M[^2M;QB.;_

32.)[D^J]I?G:&?\?

7!V@;NEV:=H=I0?N0;RN67
M++4Q7/Z-X;E+T9
D=4L7.A9&&OE

M



'W_[
/TM


M/[;(




KC9LH&HT9]
M8P

MOE\#


MUZ$TC_Z64-*C

M #?GV

4K)[8A#ZBI\M


MA9\1\R86!* CD'-JGUEDX)W7Q]['\+M+7X;!#R?\J;_^Y3_^@S\X7GSLO#WV
M$+^)DW*&+?IBG_

?2=OZ-X983NXE\^2TL'DG$(O
MW#.(B(*

Q30P''1E/%H=ON9X-('_E+^FKC&%]MR(VVYA']U7!/LATT\
MY P0STA2/BQFHG%SVC@.GZ_]%QZ-/]K/;/QQD8HI!A_&I4 D8
J4T1LZ*SCT


M.3!00&



MIQ/M9&;?%NB8/2F^1

L=N ATHQ8^
MG7
J+I]XU_I7R)V$G9AW^Y(



W]KH#K1ME^X$4M& H7E*XF['?&P(K/WJ
M

M;L %VMP_]T ILV[I*T=TZ:0JW7:




''-\



MH6RS.@HN90]+BIBRAU+#E7)=4@GS)U*N2NMEF@$_^A2)/)@6N_P$.L_&V.;5


M.Z3FUMM-!=
^8$J:CU
8R821LG:20:2L72E@4M:NC!A5?'!=/HB4M2L%3
K:
MR8=1)9

E$QK*2$EDI%3U?UG4

MEUQB&Y.JI1?*E


MZ-93SPF6YO0!:75$F;/20*7
68G
F7[:;L5N8TYLSM0J!V7.E#E3YNQ0YJQ[

MR[Q1.J.


MG@P^G5SZ0='')PW^\!/#GAZ=)TU_:@3?3CYSLJ-=@
^+T ;ZP;$-OP?ROF!]

&+^

ME\0@HV?H=T


MN87'C)Q//WP


M0BG
)U)MUG2%N21'&BO$*HF8UJZUV@JQ$B%6;]0:LN59%&(*L2HAIJQBV1!3


LI5:*4T&15HQDBZ'LCM.:CMO)I4L8H-OSJM1#[B_=[<B!:<]
MK9M/C0()1PO2:HITXP4Y)5XI)1-*Z%-ZS9S*B.E;)JR:<JF26+3RA*)%V/3



L9[. I
Z
ML4PZ:^E5Y%(G7Y4Z:S;VQR6?G;U@/#[O&P9X((_=X0FW0/ ^^
7UB?F5XF=J

M$/5'%]M
U1T$C*S;_+8E!MB!L87(MFP/1B%W;F.#1\-(JX*'H(Y?YK?\.!AV\2N
MR7Z

8 TP(6]^ $PNMS0A*RN*DU]FBU+BDS


.'2JPK4&
E0SFRK$A2A^5/BI]E$8?TU7@JFH<5,45EMFVMHFG'UUL
MDNF,5L[97(<YEQ:^3CL6NDU.!UX([*T0&55Y *60J_/NTH)8/+)WF2KH'7M







M/

M:7%

MM



M)2=2RO:5%2>E47(BM1J5*Z3VCM32B#X*E8>3(-&D[Y&KZX[5;RHB#GUX>&9
M#@C?=AJ]S#T,
B7ZA2)A6H


V1X6)&(O@L[TE[$SO6
M=36K/=Q5&7+O2%;C!D*\
DC-T!'3I
&^^CM


V[H*]





%YM[&Q);O'MZ-PDFNA@:




M

M&/1VG*Z450'T5L'L9XQX-Z











MK=UK)FYX=8=I*^M6:QCG:+WNFO;7;V#:1$;6U [P'^A(3
;&?1:1E*.6=3UZ



MWSU/V.W@DHP=1KW#


M!AUCZPL
$Y+N$-ZS7JS0&+V1Z91LB^0?0W;::7_NS'AYOK1FLU
8SS:4



QI\%_9M2D<#\OO-_


?(K+\A

&6A?J

M^P7]-_SU*_I*1Y3+:/XE;&3HZ .U7S 2GY%=X]7-?3U\7+C_J'99CIN&BR




MIL1L%
QPVZ38L#=PW.!



MFA]LM49%'B\65&2Z'3CDX5UH

MX)W.-G@N/G!EOU(WV
@+Q$);7KC5-\C*'')+8_JQTN)8:\
PT[O KCL!O
2(
M
#I\W9YV:24H*UQO+ [$$Y&0C6I]^Z@[OMAJ2U].NNZ#ZLSG!+;JG7WSNA63

1

M/!W%/$MNC R.@K^Q#9=@1BY)\&_4CJ8[]RW!

=6
4Y_+





M2SA4

M$49D!+$Q-H(#=*CP4]


;GD




*?0=HF) 23_9#EBC

/F@N(\


.QK


%6[V9-5YA+L@U5(59)Q+2V?.
PA=A6'6O4

CX&?0USYRJ3








V4EUW6%;0OJ
\)5X@5B9BNU7I*Q\J$
M&%C%5E
A5B;$E%4L&6+**DJ$V-*JEFH.'W1I$



M\%#@A^T2Z C?KLIW:T O'1L!


MK7@66Q_M#BRE
0G^7ELGK2U+G;1F;3K:;B\:R
.4ME^_/6B!PRA@












-


M.^&!8FVC6\]VA-K:T+R]CNX-I.Q*=K:3TU;);NCZ6G;G2[:6[




M9AA(
G$:_1?


M2ABW4X;A^D!MM








MPS#CVYI'3KBC.-AW!Z8# (4/$THLLS:5



MB*N5$R


%Z%H&$2:!S?12\V[2



MA)C2L;(AIG2L;(@I'9
(L:7RJ=4







M0Q4

11X*
:5CDB*6RP2Z


M)6Q?!KHZE?E*DX*8A4SZ3B&34LH#*.4_I^L_^^'ZSZOI^L\[OO[S^
(IB3SQ

DD&T_HUG0HFR6!2-J\
**D HA0P*64J





ZH

K4K=:/GF7

MN62$J3@
V( 7N]CP?&PABP[@7LQ0JA2*:+Y3Z_72/X4F!+L

3$\^DJLR4:$?-LEAO-B@_4R0?!'8V(SS*$ G/EG@@QL&;Z%


G0P'5&


M4L9\Z)T[[VA@






(:80*SSRT)15E 2QI045U4RJ
MR+


L!!:/!NM%SI\=RURW
IA/W.2?

AV[5];;HOZT# I;.J^\P\1EABUI


P:N4

G2

7@]7B3/WD.:_\@

M

M##]?$H.
GHF+&MHIXD=[BK\[IP@&VOQ3&[T1EZ!48_= \KNU=OJG$##3HHY]
MNDN+[=KJP:0I6N0]WJ'51JV5I56 ;4P



M(Y

1#;9.2P

OW!?<8<G(C1Y!%OU

FM[3-O%LD8CTI&JI2'T*7_WT


M8;M
7KW6TO











(

MDQHPY0_+X@^5]Y
7UCT94_T QC3=65REL:99 ]/H:I UFLEGI0O02-FS-=+

W.5X0@@R6 J

J DC)X90!)&;P2H+1^/9)2=8Y5TH
M!&F

R2S/7KGM*-K

59WM2CLI+L_5VN2*VGQ146E6IRWQ3B5


JX


/CV0*36KY'7\EBVH#\Z5-

M0:U2.*J49LE6*8@2@L2L8'I!K5-0*?$2:;J:W2MVG8*:W:MF8D)9
F7)I
*S

M88C8G/^7QC9\EH9TBO:YUQ=^=4T$\?&HCE[ Q,?A+K4DMPL;9IW3(IR!B
M3@.VF)-)9EK=] ^=HBQLQNNW2NU\@J+ QYU*#(Q:4!




MFMVW



G
?R&U@:..\)VV 4VX[;VK^-F=+YR?3];
M#24D.\)EK?ZM\C(]?U/PD
A$/(+7N U7%$:XGLUN;Y+G.*O=VY?5CF.%?(@L

H
,3;7XA-!M2[=IU1]$J8;(YPMQDS $H;1.N-'?@62WQ


$4 0=)9N;TGRS7&


8C:



MMH3+L/]RQ4 $FU'K:W?K7=]\[W^_N.E_13??'Q[O?WR[^O[XD$2NMC-HZ[9?
MJ;FWO2I5.F8L^Y!BF5
()RZ(ZV$P5W-;CADC8$JYL;0H?J;6W&)AP^!V%JP6
MW]:)O8@%/$5O0\HGUQB8
W@9W(.9V/DYAO@;3.D0;G]S?

3LW_T/P_WPZ;L+I=[C5

M


22ZAUT#-^


A\(!@+DX'A*!
M#A_G^*X[BW1$@$4P^)[0E\Q'&197%X9^ 94 ;?$9M
E^/=\!LM1PY0&'ECI_

@:

MLS*&*U4
%T4P9RG
IPZB5M/R+ &J


LIS1GT
25G71K

M!P*

FHTB4F-
MA)68M&$@$9-29HU7I @,A%A, Y(Q8C%\(H4@8$0BVD DA8L9C2:QF6U^L\R
M
-U
35[CCP^[QOK!ID*!
QHG-# %\DU%@V@*#11$4_C1()HBFFHX%$13^-$@
MFB*::C@41%/XT2:(IIJ.!1$4_C1()HBFFHX%#B'@INAOXCN
V=@E'E.O'/


O045J=1MKQCM_^!C)]8M#[/T7N.N

$[A.+A3N+O
03Q@W#X].04U)T#:XT

^)V4F-B%;1P-(M57O7MUT0EIN@N40DJ




MI/.[O\VSS7FW*?W87!B(Y-UM1H3^
!Z1@*5-$]XF
HK%ZK;\H.;$W58^(4


FTT;2*J
MN/S+





M&K)R9^'4BUD.%U=(#/:?H'V &:I;']

33K5M\XD))WT\YE48)[70
M);X-#7'B2W1)=$ETJ0M=_A%$ AKZ+S%BG\
X%C%Q)W&GD39)W*D'3OIPYZ7K
M1C

MGWK@I ]]7O'XGBEXY3]

'R-PG

)DW:6

'XDL^2\^$:
*/5C-P^4D

2EMJ$^6@
A%M
 )&*Q4Z/YC
1.
=5W Y9L


MIM! 032%'PVB*:*IAD-!-(4?#:(IHJF&0T$TA1\-HBFBJ89#032%'PVB*:*I

_1. ^


MP8



M
FQ0E12?*
HLI(BB
MG$C14*Z1
T=HP%9?['#-^CF0M@@+5

@FL*#!=$4




&TV;BHN_W+,#1L(I0,B:@(*'UG#IX))Z(]'5$B
MVM


V

YK7ZWD'ST'PG=932[WS712)J^BAD+JGBF_+S 2003



G&


9]%@MW%GF)




F.Y;_\Y3]F\?D/SJ=O/GD!#UR/

M&5\O0 & 1N_.KA







M3680AT-:\G$\AOSD%J+7-*:^_.G%B]NON._.5+S^!V0+T3?Q((*9^-O
&T'H
7E(YEK_OEDA:U35\Z.=G

]RY







[SW

S$RC4G+'/M0S)K-!6 )@B9SWZ*PLE56@L%87R9



M^ZI]N$



C[X:




)JH58E;G8E#E[N:$V!$6@A
KZH48L:)F

XK**1L!15]1P;










M18.8A$:Q%28T#AYG8'0(*9B@8Q%54'D-1WFE$W
'1_/YV4H\G.CW#2PRTB


8F6

PDH8K[3 T5#_UH7
DH^ZVL4/GBQ%P9L'$9P




MO=!A'*G*:H


2'
MAL!%?*@;8L2'FL-U\E$C@HOXT!S$B ]1PZ7_Y-
B-$T=ZVURB00/IO5.J(#.
MQU


B.V0041LIP5



V_Y')[5!YT4))Y-6RV-$
M$^

#YR(Q31AL7TV--*P3&&ZA519

+ M.H$

MLH^]QA08O.!!Q(G:5C
6[BSR$@]ZJMX@_Y&[S()@ P8_12)PGTPK+^A4R&VR


O
:U
@$]W#'-JY7;H(3AJ]EVG@*.ZZGFUO

1K


WI VAMA.A
&ZB(SC2B
[O5ZQ8N8]Z9
MSFB6 ]$9T1G1V:GH;- :#@HGDZX5

^[& 53T$UARK=69

K=^??L_DR*8)\^G\;BS?S#





MR2QVLH?FQ^'X-!]OM/U'$ D98HL1^\&]8+X0









CZ



M'R
/Z!!B&B%F0?\(
9T0 QLCQ/1K(MOQQI[$7$K(L!(:858A1Y:(8811ZZ
M(0:L.
0VKX80H\C#*
3(QG1#C(/S1CR$
WQ*CFH1UB%'G@0:R*&:?H!^#P
M3&TXXM(R\\?8\
!:[PPBZ'P\Y0!3YZP 


*_6'QC%1XEG/4N


M'Z%QHFW%3KV

4G
MQVP03N28LQ-L^_TM!]CJ48LE=3?


T$\ PQI9



M#B

M\

5_=3Q[6

7J\G\# M/3C\9E!3?)
6G


M#5)\\LTU[*1)FJ^#YI-OU@

03<9]_$@PAF@EV%(\'@99$8
MS5PU&




MLT@NIF.NSR-O[+F+)V1F=['2LT5@
#T@$'@Q^-4R2K@&;H%P6HHNI2GID)3O

:F*@_XW#VIF\1/\*QNN9.!&+L):D'4M?WX%BCZ3:2U--

0:L\8!;_21')
MCP!Z+6




M;$.7K27:?




F\]$I9[K#L


^ICG;^RQ27#9PT*T6





UG+3-#5





D3:[O


D&@:I&RGJMR(9CL[[DNSH2L1MY=_++7?@@-I1GES5Y68V=!3FM


M)Y[(X'T

1E+-+%I3K'0@



WTBD1

G.2I.4PWC+
MD;?5^2+95(E6^L:T$3)&\E?%O3Y6%5[X6]YNQROH'GD@@I[^[1#!2S 7[(

MVE=Y)WL5&VM_2X7JQ-TL&*(J7;+J=X[6S2W%L

M@'%IKNH

WN&8A%,Q(* OYN37H[I16U $I3.+/P4_


M;L$?KM*YKM_F
V)S+KUBSK.VS6 I:E
%72G(M\IB




QY=YH/K





SY8CWPE\L7MRX8\\CCX3<
MUD]L7F2R4%FUH5NBEL]DBP[]\%%$:GI[FZED9O.I!/GE<FKK1-;V28Z\^6&
M8R^*DW

M

7^2V

/

;VW!6#2&&
M&C%B1:T0DZQXTG




MUH6-NHZ]A8N

#X=)I(!AD@2$FFTGTK\)&
-6PY=MG5

4@]D
MVQ4R+S*6_Y(_GVO[^5M;3NJ:3T_X6WKFT/R





_[ /94!G4
^= [9
MD
A=NS'5NGQ^Q_HK(*7-Y:IC4+1Y
BI3O%F0)JGPZSU(2B9V/[@7Q.I'/XQC


U/.E6X[2*G*<1-[=3$(&$8;K^<J7I1%&JP1?!V'?\_DN!\+

28A%200LEHB 0YL]B!X@0U)^DOM^^C'













ZN[




MWF(GU[

M6]=SIN

_U6-U80KUDB0);A8&=
ML\M1.$W2&7]2E
NAO4
F_N$85[X.V&_\27:KTU(CA)\N;]XS+XYGT-_+FS_4
]I!+9E!/_Y$%-A?L2\#^P8,9CYZ8U5*$T5I1 IZQ2;*FIPO=5-,FMKP\
MG3\QEU4DI_QPN%P&3^=RJGBR
?@/?/U^JFC69JE







BJSVMW2^Q=W

M :N$V$N(6=V+ ;:SE@BQ%VW
NN@38EHA1JRH&6+$BKHA1JRH'6+$BIHA1JR(


_\I-!MLTR(9

MJ;G/E.'@+550AF




MU6X[2]LQ+!/ :C%$;%K 1

M(:

MCAE1-KH@C6B%:*6AM-)N=8=MHA6B%:(5HI6J:.55U^J\-CAAUFEDM^8U-[Y
M]X/_YLZCWX:A6
O

MT+\8@ ]/=(Y(.S1

XBG:




_
MJ^6FP%:_
[




=
!!C0Q



9PU#=CD

10Q%#$4


M;4SJU.$V&10QGT% $?



M(U7O)$#+:@T[AFS*2 -.Q%+$4L12Q%+$4@23EA2%#B;\KL2(^@
^L/!6&3[0
MY@F:F^R)9O 9L8P0E;
[/2(UQ]UVJ]T?FA%WDRH3N2!&A
B%R
4053YY[DX9
M.J(

MS6/U95-GBM+G9^6A)^$#\F\7-R_ZM$4BZQJYR@O28O9GA6W@'-:I;96&TW;0

BAS92X\/F.I=V?M
_4]GG)W_CV[/Z
]:)+/
MI[%X

RXCC_NT8RUBH.L=LH+.QU
.




F;?Q#2

P80
)O1#




23GKD$H03\9ZN.!'OZ8$3\9XF.!'O:8$3


:Q#RHF&= M$.TTP T

M =4%]JH+?(W$E'LC)GY.11!#)WDP8F%R+R+FSJ)(P
-X'(LD-K!N0'R)R:\1
M&IB\UW%]5*L[Z)D119

M^X

91!.Q%!S
MANH

HFHF*-2\]0C?1
+AIQ$3

X


B)I=YT4,I,FY#M6#::_/50I<B:<1EY
MW*?\!S'0Z;9;699@@G9'#N1E
V$-40HDX3QN8B/.T@(DX3PN4B/-T@(DX



M#



M9$3Q I_R'[$NH7\1 1]\3?8QA 8F3T)H8(J30UB*J1H$%-A0H.8A4:Q%2(

4IOQ)GI^@=DS@KAO-
MQ'(;!0.K)DVQ;3U\):&!R2


P(E8CU@/ 4J&6!.QWLEQ
J*B0BLY]EK)\4TD''X:
M




MQW)[P








MSG7P@OT6QI+.)#4\Y?4+WO3/F0?/5!)S07@_0)0!&W
ODG0\4P_E#]SSU2Z6

6_YOT-X3&!2. _;C@16X4@@_ ZMU4M[@?
MAZMM OFF4



0XW%F-*D-Q[(Y$EP
MT/0[ 00IVZ


M$$#*/W9KTZY /CP 8_:2+W;9$6# 86C'@T4D*&SMWS$0 
]B[?)C49[G&3


M21KF2Y%
5T4B=7!^E]1[I:0\D:H'#
LCR3WJ$6OWJ8LF_F]F3_77J(6929


YP!:A/V(Q)28:4:PV
?
MA0]*#

M5+@1FJ?\O H7E#A&%WDX
S\ 

M!NIV<%E^YI.4-X_E_1,O 0^UT9/)'[F*\4</%?
7*O!.6;]&IQ;5J88BU@3





Z^ 3Z];^J#)N#PCZT


M!I0@VWUYY73_HH/:&1H.F*EL^FP3@T-01+(8_K#E[]G!7]:P&:R+5@%.N9@)


4[K/;DO
\\0#O58=MM CX4/YB;[


)\Q_NL4;AQGA
ML_ I_
D]T_
5/?I[)GPP-]G_$!J8O$SMOL2VF^%+= JK3NYE' .]C$X*T&3_




'WK^4/);;+







* Z.&7N
M3WO=@OVQRFYXVG&LU?BAL#&'-+X@+2B[&6J_[1RO\9UR^Y 6-K[;KT+R:O_P

OY

P[J0;L@

M9




W
9U%[CV/(80$1S@)@YMD
M999
^5W3 8%F&





+3+KTM

K'N'H=M;3CK)-WTQ5&[9 R
6F5DGE




M-#4.6MLAO=N


M




M(!JV!GTSHF%2=B(E@W!J


YKMG0@I7?S6

3#



Q8L\VDD^WKU91L#S5E3WR


^)=8:=U7-B+^/O7\:E3N:U



4U7#;_^$$ K87JAJLPWEF[[:YM/3NYO08I


MI3X3\TD!@44+VR#  4#9FE^_A0LIDJ)$4@2(S
)[^G2/*(H@4$_FFUE9-RW4





M
W]1VGE);


9X
MA*A:P?EQ-*











%S(%$:VLM(U[M3B/R4DY]





M/LD.6
!C!*1$IX95TO/+JUHO@E(B4\$DZ/ODIG$7)+4H:=./H 0:P
M;P4#A01=TJ
7#
#J$S UP;1YU%4?3&SR&M[S3P!)?\73@Q($CP
ES05/D^1!

M$W2O=DY:5([IP3KB'-\]K_55WLE@)C4L -.S@B:'0'HTRO7)HXQJST<KC';



MW25#3D;2Y





/OH]?Z*;

M4I&B :4B1 -*=20:6I0E.=7KZRQ8'GIQV[3Z&E9!.9E/DR
D./&(G55S6F+A
MRK3=MY
DIP$T(#VTI&=@
MF.;63<:U* ARJNO2+17^/0KC6$RC<.PE&M8+.1E)DP,;./$(9D1.BNO:QFH


2B8]\Z=;K_S@Q)XKI!
%JHEB
961B&^=
M2
?J)3VS:'+T @U*

*(:P8FD*4
M1N


N'0O'@!(5ZR*&P1J-)E@^%


+UK-K
M?GPTHU&\BL.)3+*/1G(LHTB.1!(*)Q9%P=$VK;-W'W^_?'AY_NZU\&+AAI-I


$[^(9/;



94^R9 &]]NK#GL;77\9+3W==7/IZQTM_N#]S

F-C)YOQ*YR-]/*A@J7VW&G


M3X_N






1^HVU'6[YC!OC\7UU=\DV04N71DXBLI*TZN0-7__X49V

MN0.PH8I:D!%+:




M@V2W




XN
M5&2[:5/FFEOXYKSZG2S5JY]6@M%\&M%C77&$[SDWGN\E.Y9)&^J'6X+.I=+





%QFMX_YGYD6;

)EEO5(54E6K'LW2


M$VNS&T__UXFBM-

J^





MUHV4?Z5?





(V]


TL:1!REZD0?
M#66F@96@S8)*FU6GU





M:Q]UGA.XD=-F'0:H0QWYI_(=;7/=E23 W0=[E[ADW_JNI;[SNT+POI7_;]::
MMF4
K

MR3IIUZ@A);]\M
2_2
\U3


Q/-E/9\77
;3D919




M&I1RYJ/&G;8QV!YY8

#\8Q+6

ME[_-XC??'&?Z]M*]E:.9+[^


URXF



M7D_I1QJ6*6]'^MD!_C1$RI8I?:(EP0@RKJ1 RJ2(A8&:/%Y+L/-AFBE4Z+





M&8IFX76_
5K@J#A:'H2C]*3=ZENLTW:8*]2#*HX&J$?/?$(]M


MUDGTYR
'SK%!A5T

MLNA8J@^FVU:E!NX$]T6+*2L:OHN%Z\2WP@E&8NP%CK)3QQ=.G.UWE=PZB7 B



MLZVM0ZNB#V++'AB4VMA IB6U31AH^Q(@95Y$8
JLB-&%21&S&H(C=B4$5N
MQ**W(A!%;D1@RIR(P95Y$8,JLB-&%21&S&H(C=B4$5NQ(;P,3+$UJ;$Z3DM
M08O)HL6DT_9_V'F 2FL1]H#V^IC$VR*FV!O6 MVV!;U35#E=H^
^QYQ2:'V


EG!?IUTJDG9!.35T2TLF#

KSIOR)[^?$_
M

M5;$QE#;EXC%DZO



M@_30Z+N?4MKN&IUV[\%/-$OVR3H(5(P!)*A8W30?B5@=TX WL!0//OFF JQ0
M4BBI5I@I'73A))JB15*VC!(4%+TK.DV*0$'@8HQ@ 05@XK1;5(#@(58P)
MA8II35.[7BW_60:ZNZG.:_SIL6ML'&PJIK9.&A02N2;2@



M_N/^]$C1'=T_DY&Z8\]U$BGL1C):1A[B6YC_?0LHK&!L*DH:.;X1]V#J6,:
MZK)Z[,'45#.&HI!!P4)1L!\25(V^*T'5R* JD'52


A&.ZZKV
M3&+=AF\YF4ICPR8@\4C1B1S(TS6&]D/W!V6#WEB(FY/*$G (WD['[02 :0
MH)'02&VP\G

M'_+$ !+-47?T
!LW'D_/




M;3T1$
=0D



M[+$&!=FCQ@FRQX$29(\U*








('D-(
M$#W.G!ZU#A!]!A @NAQY@31H\8)HL< $D2/


@30TC
Y0D]


M0D?HL(.).^L-O(2SC8,/:'# GJ2=G7LP02PMF


M5+); X[R9C/6:/N)+FIK@&9HL,

F)-UT I]
M@$0Q)O(X








Y-A+

M7]
G6WY*]?
J_=PM4_S%Z]S15NSQ&:-9G]J57FVK2R\;VEFH6E)&J:E58U&[








M0D9(TFB8C/0.+NUI




^ZD+'GM7Z/PCLO
M]L) C


1/S]XA0
2 0(H=#0


TWQYF^O71OY6CFRR_CLW R5580)/&7\4763;YR
M?GS\

/'


JSAG=R('=D[^WMYYY[)$L]:*YW82C1?:J(F\TF97E L
M..8^ L#TX@H!
!'#!
UC0@F:1Q\3-*]N3%J60LDN&Z2[&.VKC&5TIQXN#-1?


M_M:13A[I
DK



MI/0QC?E0RQ?%C[W&)



KG
M;&


&+YQ2]_F\5OOCG.].VE

*7QQ?Y
MZ$2!,L#X=QE=WCJ1_.#$GJLN=.[YLR2]]O)%A#=ZW[I(Y.1-M]L2KGH]<Y7




M'H]T!GH8L24JKDP)O+RZ?R1@;0 C#0SQD$L\1/2CB_5(8FK7(*;[+?-DHZ:'



-.D 3K








M HAX:@D
]&0+ ;S:FZ1+=7C4%Y5H9$:^+: <?=O&!/%W Z
M('DFBJKB.&@;9E^3#0EA_5 IGIR@4MM5:C 2NEI_5 I'IR.<\HC8Y7::8[C






0

HYBETMDK9

M=U_



?OH]_R!;D)_M
DS

M)64;DXDVY2 BR



-'8-:($P)S

MAF



C



M8Z&SJ)T)-RTJVLTHOG


H$$I
]0['FJ^6!BN1GI9%OKP4(5.D:,Z$R(!K7H7'%U
MQK8/V^RS[JHQ;)=P.-0LL]R_T@(?XN=#B,:$:%+QIHI&OK*S7$E:LE!_7UE





M&%RE37ZEVN2#'[I__OK7OPCQR^
K701W
DCZ/YL%D7JI]5/6_TOG61R
F;


M1%W\W;H!KC[NWH.?]HE-;=J2


M)';H(-/W_(%N0G^4/\&Y=.7D1D:B;1DBK1A6X(_4LU$R=.&/W(A5[H_]O?P1



MCV08M@Y-THA3[0ET;9HTM

MLZ0-\.M.=&&XD!&B-&I/6JNN^K:-CKEU4U(MLE-.W;2:YP/+6$9W
CL.*KR)







M?7L6B;
PR!3
28\TNDS4_V3FDGXT/WA*J+]?_:L/CN\HLQ*7MU*JO_SNQ$+]




R(


MKE%W*@W7@$Z1A &=HD0#.D4)!G2*#@SH%'89(%

$2!4Z2+2Z:]]



MX)7\

M$U2O=M73HF31E?5B*Y2.]4QDE1)3%$('4\\K$IOLPC-( $@J QSWXW&B;
MFNR8".&HI$ 46!HK W8B@*(1C4%.5P&+F@O)A%N?TY\8#KS5Y]+RUZ[CAH
M =



+5)2]E!DWS2ZG0'&(G4S:V@
(1C0&+NMR2(%F#4TAB2
MAFM
4PY9Y%1:J;.WSK_+S(ETDX

M5& \C$;3R_EU5N_KI%9MK;YSTNMC+%&W7 _: ^UAH3U=: ^T!]H#[3FV]BC.


9$E#USC($H8NKE%WE@_7@$Z1A &=HD0#

M[&BR*2


PAWJJTE#O UK[/.##Y]3'
M2GU<Y8)K\FB:/R^,(7-7X:K+%RKUOF6VLM?QU''GKXO/%[*G;LEWIK%\.__A
M77YAH:ZL%._G=WG#YN*Z*B\L*W4;J[.+ D7
D]&Y5=O:*'YCR1_U33WMLZ&


&561'#*K(C!A4D1 Q+:8_;0-*

@2\1

%EX;)P63(N^W$\EFZ2


M-685;\AJF):EVWZL5&P=RD.)!I2'E/(








YHF1TS0H!0708-2SH_
'CI%D@9TBA(-Z!0A%M I0C2@


M\X /GU


MN#)%4/[@P0Z.N


'

KRV;43L@:


M-






EU_&JAV*


MR9M.O]

WYTHW9HQ;VSAQ.FGSJ5?
CT;8


0(P1
=L\






M5

*9B&':


M&O9JB=3$7PVM P_P08F50RF\[CXP./'H'U




MMG)WZ*
F97LD'EWSI(M%NDV2L]*WU*-F_=A@!J9_I WP$






 )7
_Q

M^BJ\MNSK=OZJ]6OZ1

LZU7B]&I;(]ZR@9V%
O7QZ^=_BT\7OYW^
QTOT;\MFL0X]6WM?5UX/DOHUW:.-81V@<
MZX6-L^3C\VZ!^7-KKGQ92!N]/TBWG?

T+]?I1]K]KKKB:[
MHQ6658FS;# OD?D1:J?P4E;$+ L^QHN8:9UTJ56?0 RJJ!,QJ(W8E!%=L2@
MBLR(016Y$8
JLB

M&EYOI@.^VED]ZN'CJ:



([%- K'7A5;HM5=
N1D




VWT[





M3%1
H]U'IJ*?&4-4*-%HEJ@
C?ZP&94Y3C5KNC6[WV125.8TK
EQ
I$FQRMP


MFM3T8








MCKV*BJ/FDQAE3A&J%@UCI'G436.D8X1QXACY'D0QTC'-.58&77VJ?!VMIP


M)

M:G=((ZNHD0/2R-IIY#GX3NV!-D5XE?.==M@\68VOIX'G/5E?'7@6%7[!L0!Z

M;.JBH60V3\YA



MUY.#=)7TOF8Y$KWTKR:




GZYKGUY'
_OIA.)EUP%0323

N7T;$&GMDVK


MBUCH!$HSBSN.
D[O+EH7XG

MH@+G%UAX&Z#7[.NV#6!&H9=8=VV

M_ER-=.PAQ.6PY^3ZS9(.RFENZ#12/NT

EW0LNMXR7P\/G$1^2Y&O



*1HLA!WQ6K/PNNI4CB@KS_TP7Z:;IC


M:4?*GK&A(V4_UY&R?\$BUY:__ /^
-H7;

MZ]UJ3ONNH_OZ.@:Y=0PVKV
X-(:M$ZRC4ZQ#Z*9U=(S6L-
_^CJ
4;_0.KZI



J6ORD!^]UVN1#7Z;:'
M^5FOG$&Q678'HT*S3/@D3

YO2YT#$*??-<JUR-UV?W  %K8*S?(@PMDYB'6NK#3R6;_

MT08'JQB%;F9SQWOA/).&6![KSC;W#.?S._V+)HEU#1:%29GNU?LEHY#T!.


X
M!V.S( ('*\_U855_(^H5]A\/ #B
A'T_:%=&1X4V[DM15O.EGFM
%K'S0'


?



M)0DWKZ%D8JTG47OUT9IM26*43I


M5AB9SD)FI]L_3@
 D1'J?S*




M*8Y*ZQT/UA\ISB\70HY

-NQN'
A5
M7.+%L-D:UH07GZ

M\=).N:];^O$HNWBX\

%HE]0HX.F6W3













V-?T3+^YCUS7_YES^PP

W[F_%G0@B69$I9%W,82X






#&
-FA-MV@4MA)+2ND?T$W\V V2"$?HG^!(/[Q9A 28M+H&G,_AYFB@14%






MT6
:H^4(G-C
V(@J

I4OK7;VJ'\-GYI \-&O C$?N+.2YF9



MZH+R6^Y2#R4;@Q77D+7;$MF /I-!&/.'

L'B\=^PO?_


@\XJ/H%N0R1$$-#VXM9=0=Y'
MR*=Z'[@DUV4X-=W+D

M?[2UK%K

L$R+

M_%D]K_)B%I#;G ?\3?S'6SDP@Y&;
/C;Q6J]/E/_DH/X\1T('*P!1[/';X

2[=\]^P?S.CT'L[E7IL






WX!DY;#G#N&CXB6RPIGA1A&R&9OM6-


TV5I@T


9V

^]H4
M
9^B (WY-+%&=E&_$][=K(G(C'X]/13!STFG+367;&S?N1VPZV-ED'%EK

Y--

1F\D3Q*E^R^NVMKMI:K5B




3\7;$W2'FQI

M-9JUG!
G.]Q)&H-#E['AJSOGB

IU%1W#=B/1(D


I&Q2'0G;O*=R[O$1:] V2(Q8RT$487J
M 11UXM[3:9]IF5-!Y4
M

)1ZO:&ZT<+S<0LTR

)J):!1
M*KC:LG%XL-:)55T4X_O;/;SO 8+BN#FCNE!#7+QN^CX&W7%61FJVS.)0=+NM
M5/V)
 T

(
39&'6;#GLR?5OV@\KY=0)+XCZ$

MG9
/?866K20P*L]3VIDS]+F9M!9-
KEQDFQ#:L=7/3&3[0TWN6%2:#V^[SI[

JO-X5


MQ)4[ ^+FQ.2C[


^(4B4RE:


38@YSDLJ
LU




S&28Z89)





0
:@DZP$?


M[^2OI64 P1#W+(K#5ZM+\#*CQ_*7ZEF$_YQZI6(E:I/XP?=$^
?1-=BJ[%'\

M

M7G



M.O0PJA4/RTN



MG
B8)

ODWL!G.9





MMQ7WD8L3U/^C6G/DWLHF'
]?. WY1CD)+%]R\N1.5$YL:N._9?4R'RH^R&

M0._>T1149P7\$._8;)E>XGE)&LLM^H$ D(XY?E88Q#7V
MA9D^%MG@.P3^_2OV@^4L4=)Q5_01/-E(&!6

\47
7.C$CPN^ IBF
@JA(CTT'N
M?/?3924PZNH7WW

MR E GJTZG1?'M6E@(E&J)(%_
-B8NVNK8:PH%C;XZB3-MR7P9MHSAG#3/;


MWB)BM%H_7L2

MC.: .%8ICA$J5HQCA(I5XQBA8N4X1JA8
8X1*FK$
?EYZZN]JYE4:6O#T74Y
MVH(;XE=8=KEPLRQE4G1B]&%O=H;%!W
3V#2\V


MG?IDG4[(I=7[

0EO;BD_8XT

@J.I5HEG$=*1%OYT

M%=BZHU'#&/4(V C8B$T$;/4!-J




MPT:_11O[9Z0

MG:U-Y9A1%]4XM2M-JD$XI24S*=TX@;AE$[,()S2AQF$4]1E0)N,V!F6[=]Q
M![YZ;+!'[G+?=!KBVF-S/+-=.PA]$^^?KV&@:H-*E(Y1XRJ2$V=)@?5.D:K
M

HM$?[%=% _Z8WT.I]R'[T7YP$_\^YR[ ?^YAFF$*HG+.1M$2FI7PE22


MIL#&8./IO6JX]+0)1 !% $4 10!% $4 10!%28QZ)C'T4T)JPU!I]FEG[/;L
M@EL

M4AZ


4&*1LPX.TCICVIWH0))
4&*1LPX+TCYJ=_Y







7'S 1Y

B7XRHI6-

M%=[7M-5BE:2C1O9OAP(RXE152OVVYM1ABP -HS'JUJ0I(VTX$4H12A%*$4H1
M2A&;*@E1VK%)?U-2B_R#?LS2-\OP@9HG5%QE3U3!5XMCA%H9N]-SY
!^=[O1



MAB*+$IG'!=28W5%A'7/V6]2Z3
-I%V@466#Z'#Q6ZG)!!1?@L=7Z
1$&H:[




:AB]8)B/8$HE&GM0F)


MHD\052
L-^
M/;QHDF+%$VY<7:8TJK=Y<TDQ80I6G'CO#!E<!ZA-&V^EQQD?^ 3#K'TF(7F

M034
)?&I&B:4^%2-

M]KN;8&Z^X
4$HEN!:5E^Q-
6!C7

M)




Y6$-$R7GHL[5



WY!?ZW[A-W0\]_J6&D3RF]:E@\XE

!.ZJ9ZC:

M'9@\;'C0Z=0DX4!R3_A4(SX1/FV-3[5(7N@G_$?
2U0_B: ?^\[9QA W=+(D




FYZ+;U;5Q V=+.)Q
M_D&#:.[L:E/-5QS$F

M]6K!)T(]0CT-N%03;2+4.SF?:I%1H9

I#$[X:
V[Z+A L8#5
CYR+
M(E?#


7FV+I?3'W=


M]DHGAHWD:69P(_GK'D@T


M7_F?T8VCDH9@'Q'H&4+IN8MH]P'(E!S2?3=D072Z1A8
(?^%CXP@)N1;Y@


M0#U8BB  _G/ YZ:/(IE39X69BJEF2XA[.$E2UQFP2/'J@E_@[9*=:.CTI*


.@[O@TE&9ZQPE@*U!#*)


3$MIDN.LA
MVM#02ZTF(X(BZ]7H6TOK(WM'
P?DE]NL%)0%I\F ZPJ$(IIP+_@LA%S\.


!'%

_/[! LU$I+AAY\


3=8D OX/@'



M+'J5BT'=UZUSJ1AT+ J5V7=U]W\O:'L:'I6)G:4:[E6(^+Q ,@8=$L,H0:O
M ]!PBPF- !1+G-#KN87A=VI08G /W@]N5!XF7NY4\-AJT1]&[1*7=IIW:G!
MZX!:=#&[NE
=HU.JUK]N2(NNZMX7128O19ATV6D-!Z
]E_2[%_(/R9Y=DEI-

0GV
M3&CZ.1.-)&B1&)]=]LE\85B/(*OV1+%BQB(LE

'

5WV$PZ1EI)=OUW_//X^



9E*E!EL
M



M(+18GA:7&?+O6.RWAV]B3TJ7I23(H+10%LS-RLI[!2/E92!@+VN'I2U%ZJ
M&OZDSK5CQ%JR@VT?MAN#WAY2(TKA'[!L+[M

M7DCV?!%UN\)W#M#Q\VTL/14_NT(O\:/G3[B-&I+FH'JC0IF9LK.&2_LP*_:I




&P@-&;

M



[@5W9KCHS93KD6/#('-'=K#
M7#T**OQ&R'R0=C6!:9J//.[.,#/_XK@CIP1.=.H _W,F_4RY$6+*M@YIPS;1
M00-?'3MMY8[=RTW/D
!AJF*)F)KG@ES;2UDOX
5U

MX&*WF'&Z_[+8?:2)^X:R+8GL^0/D='#:L&(_Z0\$%!?-OV03K818S:U*(@ZT

XCO96=FZ[2QDTR






-=RF8?]T+9P=*A=.^G'__^MP__Z'1^NWBX02YW0I^P
M #FX(X:+)$ET0$ZM$5E8['92@(NL4
SX@F?']P^/Z@=W.IU8T 66P
@9
MTA(/#_IIR64LE+
S=-3M=P][_5-T=-9_?];OH?O;E.X6=)S2*D+IS(F/48#%
(/5WK'H)V8W)%T//1 1<SD-#K=W^[O1GKJF/
X^RKRO4+Q/A
M)?1'754\@39)R%6I&Z0












M(*0EH?WBLQ;:NN-#ZNMH;9@3L3*JN:&2ZG8V[HD='42AHM@!1#U.K2
&!\







A8LAVS*A:]MB+&N0VD/+?=.5&@Y$9#_

PQ

M#1[&_T2#G[\






MU



$08M
M &426C#J9=\L2;4*$ Q1@GRNK 6@7MK+DLVJ 
 0!\@QM^UOFY$1CSCPGOTY

DHWVPT1ZF\?8
M/FRZ7?BT5ACUL&?8DU8_C(KVD[]:O+?'^U&%;C9$.^:U87W4

M=



MHVETX'$;'VE2097_;!5=S]&FJJ!(%Z250:-I?


MZ

&5R
M[9G:$P%







^=/
WNL*OU1M?/X!-7 2(&:^0+KM&.;I]^B:^?
I/E=']]PV,+KOHND0#(X_ZHY,Q;] $Q1NBZ[3 .E?C%JAQM74S/3B[
MVU 5Z]74-C

M%4!G

@9D&


MP@DG9+ABY0:Z&]O@$W\B@NDN.E-WT6?!ZEOB3XA(3(:1$H;8
Y?[F+*_%
]J


*O4FX(M
8C=D
OLX./@B/D;X

M?5VE'_#S+2@E*/;DKX#YG(=R;82TD[RN^C!M\[FBP)Z.+4 _AV)8+.NW
?9D

#$X
3(S

C5S
M6PPA


_#@Y^

[J8^NS1%?%




;S

M;^

M(%FV^ZD#Z@K[B-CE!F5
%/5

) 

MQ.?FRW7@PX
[XI!)

1FR:R33:] ;)O@:F(

*_




M@!P)PWD6CKR




K%PECA(L@;;%^'.+K^J?D!24UO:

M+XC8+$X)9#% -AY@
Z#\?7XEH%0AO[


P4N=&6RN@S1--$N#ZB\CNO
83O*#A=.*-D-[TIQ%6CS538L/%$\1L7ADA4![R2+-T%HN1Y&VSC35
M5O2:$]9VOBN2L50E:C9*M\J,1BH_UT_E@@.ZXD4RJXH^2I;;ICSHJMQDX#A






E
G_@*A_\SO(UJ
M9.H8K&&NO?ZH]V:.D?.




MM+

-8VL5+V1W$851=8?19Z5_(K
M[BA@I&YA3! BVG]08?JJ4
S*FUHS@I(I4()!^TGE)N)E-$*%LB^Z-;UWF^

M*ZP8:V+OKJ98XXPMQ*J&K;3*/[D*IP8.\IIN^O&CLQ1&5[*(O8#VR5%5:

EPZ+9@.8^N\)
X^CZ]N#X J$AYZVA08CTWX*&N.\?B
M*Z6O70H

M

MCZX'OP3S9N+$LMJJDZBX S@I* 2IXV)UHJ$_NB)
1(XE3%&Y7G*'])W'=6Y0


MEUM :94Y6_=#Q T840M\'8G:
.)&C'VI8O6N.N]ZR8(6]T@
*;*P$DO)&OK-





T3.^#R9/F+* 8#M@=VVP#GK]

Y$



MTY%16 :ZSX61P5]PMLBLW'1

M=*.$




K54&\Z(M]#7%+7JKZGQ10;


(6&=/VF0T.);]W]7QF 3QHG /K(6/+2K1=V


X\&'*U& RIM2I0)-QTPU0A$YOR9
M%G$

M)7GH:G;*
+H:Y\:7



M2'-7H:8FD*U(^J4F./8F'=0RKF23$Q/;531)2D+JWM(%CFJ*IBXZ?)3?25??
MT*[BKP(IR21 VXHICL_B\T?.
S^=\8I*4Z)5);LKL).6281RZV'F3=


M7 5?512DUD0 E7GS('D=@UZ0477YJI)I(D@:Z

J%*DT$15% B3T]H$*&%7R2G1:(LU!U


MH

C Q.#$R
S%?9&5F+GAM;.U=
M6W/C-K)^/U7G/_#









MR%E-[MAO+Y[YXE
+%SKCQXPA:JYYBW]
A\
M
+TX-\X&5X.;X84Q^?GB8CJ)0I&






M7KJ4[3S7*;-# J.\6U/0I6V7'-CRE%
$G9PE'M%9'9%GC$?LS=C1(-&X(D
0P#;Q)\-/OP4NB=DG8

M!(MTDU8Q^% 1@S3I0&4?'X&PC6_LSS%-

MY=:N;3_#D[L\)TNZJ:N[P-GDU7-$Q0
TD!(3^
9U3.4DD;2%L]^K8)$0#PV/
:%GO0T-4&L7.L)(Y2
:QZ!LG6 -)?+$5]@ %5

MG%*

0U -F#Y=(F41VY

Y?BJ;LDYNG1J?(*9I4!(00(JTZG])6:\K( H!OG
MA-%'
2/U#/O?
7:4#/#C\9F/J9:6U#
TA*AEG?I2CU0 :

M.IE&H0IQGPZ






M_4&3OYM;$LEDUW91K!3]TV

M@.2H[:C6CH !I385$C'HJS2Z8H=Z


?RW;R(B- J
73)/J%A %-%\;


J-V







_'&.%(

4S9:NM1K]6
M@94\T]*
)9O/.S281\Q
IMCS4^0F^;C!






M!:2-E!9'T  \QS/

=&&S E)WT ZL9US
)8)3O!60F+

MZ
]


MF71OS\ZSF;1K[_PHQ%^PT.96R^8ORP^4['SW6ODR64CW)G&G6:*+8IJS8P


SG!:)3
M(/U#02?A)

S0):ESIM2+!1
M?R[\64#LL':&8X5OD
XS;Y!*D^%U.T(P1 I*O@A[]2.R(8Y]^I(\^\PLD*.@


J

M%ZYD(IM@











B-K$(K[-4WG;[VNRA9CQ0CK4$R^ZG(9(

^UG^)WW?(BY]4'+P7OGDI-:E+0KU4

ME1/:J]''Z'7O2Y?&O^+MCMM64@D1$*ZS]TQS)9*$ILXAPP_Y4GW(2C6*WGOC



8/ GS-BF5=X[S#!

-[J$!/;#^$WA^



Q9Y2:EK^ZCY1H(:E=;VS]YZ4BL('6^

MUD3M*_TKO0;@35BO*


UGE
M-S=JHF.D(AFK909ZN150RD@#G&I4U/]+E\XP\0.Z32)J:&$2?NGE%BEI1%PO



M.5




MC^$7.*=&R*KQL#(2S!I;;HTUN[7ZQ3%X_'\\;/'$F(M6A)W5 TN]Y!)C=+$/
M)=1I\^//!%


M^BT$5L0A4



DS





M/:X72?!M* /VK* IC8CMC)1MGO=81


-



2MH(0

W5J'4$3L@!@DA7'ME
MP5/=3MV]^J#'3G(J#:?]F.@PCDR9CLJ





MH7SBN]W#BL288
XJMG6
MKX2YF@
/ ^+RRP6Z]K-'2J3J[=USU31L4BD



511SU#PSD5*8)_^C)5'7( L%7D
+ E


[XA2E-;9 TA[/Y5%7MS

M?_4



+D?YB  B P8 %
M &UE9TR
#$X
3(S

M/;M[H4?+HUMUEU92S]R$XV*#(E$2QRRRAF2I)?_ZPX
/L B  !](E/S%5DN9
MB4PP
Y$ $IG_]K]?M@EZQGD19^F_?_'NZV^_0#@-LRA.'__]BWUQ$A1A''_Q
MO__C?_Z/?_M?)R?_]^SV&D59N-_BM$1ACH
21^CA%9WCO*2_NHB+

F*?8[1


=-/ 28Q.DO#V0L1
1
BW__XJDL=S]^

</(%HN?;J^44OW0(2AB
M?N.

I
X
M?2C*/ C+F@QCGM$Q1/NFX8]BGN9=)H


M10.$?F9@/GQ[X@/Q%?FQ&!)
  36@1[+4CUHH.!TX8 %G3Y04


M^2F
JV]Y2D:



:D;E+ISJ!M]CWN+'F.XKT_)CL)4M%W(P]QJA8[=6!AF
4SU0
M


^O8+C[_0^  !1 RH%*

MEI=Q@O-S
NQCEJL=PP$4E%N0





-=2U^E8;;%S;VH(O%E





O

4*'._LS%ZAX$#N
!G J:
B5QTARU
M9T K)!(@_\++;$L
@JPYQ.

NE?=_WY
_?\#E





I5E]3*J$A_;R2
M^;Y/[H$^4\%'RH-(N#U-0CZLL)8)@S;$22BT4Q3?]K'454];#9)U(X#TJ.:
MG&39\\Q+46'B 5[X^+F4*858A6YX

M&#]F)(CHU[0(SN


%

&5*

M?L)I$3]7.8D#.WYK*L!-HNR$E7:0
B
!UU[*AC]-[RFRA/.7.QTB=3Z)#R6^
M&'L2$6D6Q$=


MIY2XYR3^%4=_RA*Z.?\IB%
Z+^OT#A


R
MP+()[F;U_(G\BP9C:!/$.7H.DCVF[GP;Y+]@GOI?-.3]\V]T F[I04E1Q)LX

?V PT(]@=--T^AS$770U6P(J\ 


J*E 7PKFJR(;O'SPP(/#2[V:\WMV]O[^#5LZJD;61

3X'




Q
_R5UWC*A$$JGIUG\UN


M2(1K-'2RV$G7H$W/+8M4%

M$%I%92TTX+-%*\:AU[ +O


P*T
MQG8?H#O.E3;C?7]Z363@B\CH.'..%OKM*(%=5[RI*(V!GO:SN0(VB.#J.R

45]%:?$G1








6-D @*6)W9@+$=E#)E: M#K(BZ-
^#J!1#T?^P!P_9]U#!C+[?(6O!PK\Z'-(FTH0CF[R[#F.<'3V^JG T56Z


M!P0TB65&VS]5DTB[/\550X2
_8LU?ML);CQKYBYHAH-\(;XCW









$7F/]?N)NHJNP
W#:$ R



M
1R)('J+$1 \





MK\S30&0#



M8MI)VK]HB!L!/3[ O(S3( UG.
#4$O+*- U$-C!1#15?3'6015N3;0@Z/
 T
MB&!G$U\FGR]'F+2

ML7L/CF OL_P6[ZI=P'K#TIZUS8=-$&&WL\


;
[:SCFH@Q!ZEAF/FI^R)

M()H4L'R))GLLV4238H]

(HI?IC1:F&U9UZQ(
J_KFYZZ3





/N <X68$CB@0T 5PYV3OD,@]\=Y<@[Z9W91@3ZF8


MG H8*F5/QWHW84\&9NIV9#DNG&@5$-#6P/S'O\!B&O;JZ*HJ]\L%P%P3H
MD$79N=







%[N:'6!(!
MR!D9Q:'BH79EKYQ29;
KQ(BMG-9!



XJO
^BX8]&KQ6^*AQ_-SO[9/U



'62.[) =@M+LH\#HE2
3!VED'6FPV.
MRW$'80
$/3P0

MN
BG.5'LMB_[%=K;$)9;PP6A1O1:I


M)


MPUFHK1VPD415FO

)?/4$

QR@#D)/VU !V_DMQ[L5%Z
MQPCJPCZ






.:6V=N-KIIM%YQIZDXC3L9%4.N%=+&FG@/:'AP)
MFA. .!^TY4YV6%C3\


M5V[ ?-3R48( GH$&Q1


MV^*(&M(?WGU7F1'Y15/.BNR2


1D&WB8'[4GDCAL^




U'6)$ ,
MV$$NQP(LJQ$1 <NX(+RP:I1FIC(!516PTR83ED-/8K[LAHF_/1/?UNLNB:J

MF7!



MX


=*G?
MO
U' YDHVPZ^



M&6:F[_XMPR(35+]DF)4XR#N&!23H&0



M#?W
QH-TK-[-V5W\F++B&
P_$YI0A4SSNJ)![ /7X[)YJUB+X ?R+BX^(J

M)!#VR
H]F1$?W




M
HHFM N9
!&*JRM[@I W56.YU9[N-U112[:R!D:X]17^G?K/-R
]V7UR *=A



MID/A












MV[(V6%*7%:IG-)#0K


MU__:!SEQ%LFKT)MUD^7;
8&K%2WHB'6$X/)0U8(08(QJS65/JQL*G3Z\#0UO
M5C:'



(]X*UP
A^@&1


M34(2S]FH3@SJ!(V+O6I=

M(N





I D32\PR$6*4
8F@\_AC


IEET66<
MQL43CGXB/Q]Z8 -X]Z?A1@+41]Y:8)!S;0..^N4JMG0WB1[P)LLQ2H*B/&;

MLS[28=$33B+:TK!\PHAP1SM/ET]!B6BAEQP'49R\HJ#37I'VG'1[*#YFXMHE
MC2 ABH5J-
3P(
:H;I_76O#EZ8&1(L%_JBQ8ELBD/9%XS :D-(9
MBM/1M@$<]VIFQ%_(#]'0W(] WW .%(B*TF<VXSL0D6;@F^ !VHUPP))S$:-

M ZI89BA.IU39 ([[&F5&#/6]
T5#(AX[(A
Q@6J1C9.G)TF@D
MJ;[#







BQ@2

(IU%MZP./L%300 ^P]
QW'E_)0=T_


MMKL]=^?K3=V7]P;G=T]!COE+6U4X
 ]MH(ARSHGIA)YS$'8?H\['=3^8%6BC
HI-FCGA/Z_EBY(\D8LLIK.):
M5 'C/@96
EK'O#T IVE^BM'[K]-K.

MM=


N_WBZ)3(%3QB8A4/.+^@

@M_8;FKSV1G



B


0I*Q6-K-3\D)
ME%-R1'[.E7=[



M@X
UI_
BNF=67XK*3NM80U:5(N'Q+=[M:27* M_DV6

M%?UF@1W8S!3:W0Q\=SDN


1G




C72Q7T29;A(8 :V-6$#IXZ4


([YAKQ@
HM_IZ_M/V;E7W%YVT@]Y6.
M&\]CAS1E JU]U)C!_'1;XR69X







/ #
HAW]8JH^^<\-RLOEZD4HQ)9AN<CR9KK;LA:IX2SYU=

 4]
MV=!IB.MIR$$WW[-.1.WA_YPEA$P2EZ^NG*!JY#?@!O63NI@CE ][W*Y0)Q-(

RV._;NB2L]8^=&7?DA$;:=Y4V0_55'=#=X



PM?.<6SB8O8''6[][V-VN9(K. BG
M:\W&D;K=D=
]J^.UY.'X7.\H 9=UOM)K^[?K?N?Y H
.^!BR 897JMY=(TS4
M:\G&D3K@D=

M

M\#&XT63[GX V6O[FIA'


@/!'&G\%M:3D=)[LVM!.32ZLWEQ=B/
M]H9O-_[

M

P



2_DAE

L=SZ!DMAJ)T;HCBS62M^

UBIUP-
M*ED7%?W






I?+

MM
ER='=PS%J34#PK'VU&YT'Q1%P#_1^]:7XFPW)GT7

:+6AM

MP=0'F*;(




M'%BCE^)^])U4F_!S^DC?_PRDQIFAN+]Q
A6COF :@G=ZGV3&3+^@3)NKQ?'@
M
*0^*T'ENK(1V_VIX@!5UFMD)P3@Y2#.#:FIM+05-.O51
MX847R#_E65&T[X1I&NT9WF0YUCS\GT[7-_.QG! S*S,DZI$Q6G&LL5G)_P5
M$M_S

%N]^LJP.



M@/L0Y*]DN(A9HS*10@KE_O)

BR N-&IHYXO



MEI@IK7@K=-Y



K)!! J$1'&KRU]CFBRSE
2-#RWCCBA BP3\*




H
Q*P=F4CILRZ3/#!;

M.;6E'6['?+:X?(;\X:GY'E.'Y
1ZY@ \C *YB1:-(53(L)MX(9L*59P3BV
MU_8T2L(*:;;\G[8@7MLEOBWG(I3=2VM^^68R;/.9^)U=426%X^@^H^5HRU=)




MJ4O%NE[5ZT



M(B9^$O]2[6X+Z]SM98;RQ)9GG#;+U=IZ''@/

MT'*SR+8/DS.UI:=5@A37]8/:JB!^)02-86HHRJ.L*=@H*NY/ER8(6Y\:C2 !



M
(5QJ!$A;66(*[.M&5M;*OQF=P;59G.*=+4



&:9(E-D:F'@

'[/M% 'WYJ#!2(J/A^5MV7;*




MY3['.8IJFMXYB%E:+
Q$VRMW

MU[2DQ?1)J\AX[R
ZXHYT!XR&SY8O
#B_D3/B1V/
NJE@?Z.58$@P0 ME1-5V




MZR!T-+UT$\


&F66


M\

ZM
MPHHOR?LNCHTZZ*C&1RT!&N:)EU7J%TM5*84RIV9'2QLEWN:%/,A3N/M?GL3
MO++%[V*/J\J?BMFQ)0)C=.-$%6W/CH)S$QS#GF9/4H=FG ZJ*&:$B*D:%W8
MEQ+=?\;)




M9FHMMD8P
%N];2^-U+WJ!G\L$&Y(!I[ZR) VY:,&P,[NA6N'JO^70NF]ED:
MCI%,3 +PBTA6'H4:]EV(TR/L].76!53*F!TO-TC'?R\62 [A/PU%Q(,NXX
M/J9 @&F1]6



RH!]&@S6((7%D

]SG05JP!!)-]#&6&%1QTBFB=\N4CJ$$4+!T/)L]Q:Z((8$:

M( DI?S29
J+O;Y]QNL

M/@6B'QA/S;DGF


M_$7K.:20
(Y P[1HUQ(PYV:JY*&G5#4D8J# QC



]#T; 47K





MT:?BR+4'-IUH41G ;$?0R2']4+W-=E
D!HG==GT1SJG NT!*LNVX^W*2[
MTLZ-@XD]&@S(UL):(?J=A*7@0(V#-;Q(+MM9'=T&!=4XX!&#0I:!G!DMCE?Z
MI,M^T2#XHE,#*1Q*K0+.5'$AB\.((DAPH8\C1 B@Z*'/9=F:/_L/E(X'+N_
MR%((Z*!@D
OJNE+-J






#GT?-*M-*+Y
YXB#_8





M7


MSC 1W5AS D& ('

MO%1L-:.2'1

-
M[#;X_($
D
=!4OPER/%3MB^PTLJTT.Y-S8#YVMXTH!&-\A/?\T)/J,&!34X
M,/9W).QK37%9&:J?K\F@Y-_D7^2'AZ# __'_ 5!+ P04     #(BF%.;=%Q
M_O2\\ZPV$$0S\O_TT^.7D)POX3N!?_:W
MGY+H@QTY$/[T7__YO__77__/AP__<_5\;[F!DRR 'UM..P8N-;KRKH&88Q_
M= 
CQPNB) 36@^W;


7\-O5^<(8ZGIQ]+!K^E+7\RWL$MUK_.O:#C[^S\/]

M(I$@VD?:DKC9)Q_M&/UW/+U*(NB#B%\BM'D36^2+!9VN!I/)W#FHPW7L9'B
M=IP@09K;GSTAQCD0-)DT[\#R2!GY;TBR0=ALOEN]Y4WJ*0R6R'9:/7EVMB,B
M@TQ AM
D3*6O GG



M&FZ9
_=!([7*


/7XQNV:




@).$
$9&]-#]9Q+%&+!1_#5$W/WFA\#VX!_


]
MZ%@#=G*'V'[:M


0*?Z83
]7+'%ISMKR9X


MQ\!WL?=-_E

5 Y;^B0:UL5*L\;#IY-'VT;6Q](=U&@I A

LC!EP[^G;?K]].Q;RSS)F=!M=$P/EE%KQ]= '$



PGY1+;8V4



TJX/+3ETOUR








MJ#X3$QB1*VN6HVC#47J.




M$?$(/F'N&!+)54
Z T^4'OV%D2A3.O






)DY6T1+5A
2!Q$(O\W9L%
//
6/[$\ASC@0KYX\
M.RO2@(XZR]QUA:@!R%W
D+XPA898?275]ACX#G71U[8U0_S\I!EB\=WDDT5F



M3

MB1*U&V.;?Y.I]M$9$)+W&4[B#8D?+9W/:GG /KK6=M


=F&:%



M!

M-A\
%#H-N9.HD
RN
D7K8CXD. M%'7JT8
V53$8__V55UMXX1(A12KRC4%C8



N7P
M[-'?/97F!HN@C&?Z0_)[H'L[MJ![R]X:

F0G32W^*QMQ$[N^ #^B
M@:N^\1%.C3AD8GQEJ3Q86AEI*QG%.A



M@C'W^]5%0RRVQJV&B/T% MF=+)/;\6*DD87MP#] A=[7ABS/4]/X-;&^+]

@F=N1TAVS)];Z7F(V5W[!&&FO&B


MWV5=9I5:]@=.O

MU[T5* M)3V8[K;0!@ Q!5F'!0ZTQ;V#KVTW



M1JUM:R0(^DU)._EFFD3!_@V.E+S'![+;?6%0:-#(Y,TBB6@..:BF/I3-Y@
J]8GMC40$
M'Y6&'77#+M'5N\(_96I\M<-]15^(WU/ITN2L:_0+X#LV5.1]&Y#?25-%UJ=

;31_ C3^8/_=E3

]E
:%L]B)$W2M%1
M-%MUV )&W&B'NB9#F0
W:=07%ZDG9@&-Y^R%V);=&9%SD+8X]G*




Q
MB#COE I7

FP+U]QWX!W#OUIZHZ*(:V\K$M-+B5CVZMAU=3


2A:HDBV]
3R)S;.)7YZI2*$:RT%!6-I:*E#X[]'8\*0NW\]4
M55'?F1!K11/;:[-FN=E=7:1BQ!WL


&C



M4\:MF(=JGK[FP:





DHN?S/STY.3\[:^)]GWS++^_Q+$^_S
M6I\&XFO&Q)D#-_%*#H/NMPA

M
DGU3L^3^4)02M ?$C]](6@
M#&E6@B1V'*H.J51-$%$9GZLJHUK<0ZE^D%GEXT)5;<W-E<C.U'!$O8-=$:7
MQ
 55 1HVFC [A%15OT[4D_S)-O;^!T)J_J+F1)A0T4+KRCY4-*JBOY-$?


J^&
M3@S?8+QJC%JQ@7N*5 E

B:[2NEI($C#Z8#[C/X;0IQ 
&7.-Q_&38'98


4ACR.'J3E*E32$%$:-(V2YGH9B/=%5


M1[13/H)BIC[\=











MJH


M2\%HO-

R


_GE6 :





[?026\3E
M34L^[1PY:15YVQ_S'E;1(E_^58S)3W.H85[K8YI#4K3C

_;
_)BI!_
M0Z9.2



DF3Q:O:4SLL:FLTC
M-(9V()0CN:8Z]QL4GT30V!$KNXK_!##&&F4GJ-,BV=/9/I'\!]97LX$F$R
.[#B^<^F&0!QWCN8SQW!T \
MQG

M_^9'2^@@S]PJ38:L;UV.73HUDA:@T9,]Z!E'!LJ'[SR1SO:2G+?WT \.
M0B*M0D*45D- L:$UN@MBE:E[!A8V@'G'WL).TY1(D


WW*ZX1HE)D?Q-I15WV:]_&TU
@87=)G5

?09S3
@TIWWN33_;%?L]H9FX6E!Y& 4.43D/*\-:1





MS1R$@8O6#72(:?/8';4#3&N(-*2Y

.S9R6 W&+8TE-*X

$8X?-1
MUC;U]&4& !_

MSX]+_/+V:(=9Y36A0])Y]9!4?.'/5OH-R_9=:_T5Z^?U=]2F_B'R@7&08O;#
M6#D]N3P[.SG_?'DQ^'3Q15$^QG64(RW9SW8C[=9L


MJQ%_$_(-N8;)::\KA$&-P&3VTP\S3:1


2]J
L#LPZGRRR4ZYRAR69XX<^ F'AA/B7.FGC<YNVNG


M&QD

M




])#[]!@_@DPQQO:Y@6_01?M2P6)&YL7Z


D;)IHS158<



5AF

^O05]J:



[U=1*!

M4F=3)


9-DZ
8 P:DJ5*=XP;5?1OG3746-Q
M\L82.MT33Z#91(Z<\21IS8A?:Q(N7X IL&A-AV&;


'?FB+0U\]6M:3F^=AI%


M9




M6[W8[U? !U


[J#&H4E+:ELI[6'E['SP




EH@_/BVBVMD_!^BVT1COJ



M*J1=

6).O!(\$IXU


M0ZU[P
KV+@BG 



V5#J._BDF6/

@_Y@HPQ) 1MQ]*BAB;6MM4.-7M#0!5\_ PR!#WM#UG'
M 

M[YNS6.1A6


M?-LZ];@6=X$BLS1G]]/PLKU((Y'-&FLUG@YFK,&][@T]%S0Q_M+65=6^BUH
MP?D=5[7FJUJ&/(\;M-UF7Z+6G!^QT6M^:*6(4])9=#
7=2E &/]5K3(Y([+

Z&8(Z8


M@;05X;8G=AGB?LS)KN$;4C(X


M5.[E'['+;?
-\/W3^1=1-8%$AF=]
3C-YXQ^4(H K!-:74X*SE[:K.RFS-TL

9K;X@:\QAOCF J:

$M%F!9?
M_N:'I945[?P




5.@



V8TPP508;1IH!PKI
JW7*3T  0CC].8*:=SQ] 8L


Y.N]==VZ$26BX8'4-LE-Y@
M209?##&J&R.K^TP7$%_1LLMQ=6W-Z!JS@U)V9-40VES+![_\($[C%FYR<@=





-T)Z?599UGJTL'U69)KPDMJ356[ RQ!Y;]

M255



HDC&P6*+MFC*1GT&WG
^4 Y=-_C-9F
M JF![FK[\BD-'+4[XFT4PP5V+
/[NY.^'&U[=_:H8]LR^@IS8B_/RT2E/-
M#BC4WRQ

-4
KM*3Y4QB\P0@+



ATN'7#


L3@0D9Y^=TX[SX4FJ:9]^R?BY][4_&


K-FGP
MF%)[LU%B0&&JK%)]OJ8?:_BB%2:O+KE_@U$
 I-


CE
Z21
4PLT

M=X1H6DX6\
EI^N[V


M_K

*3M:Z@V5T8$WDA)Z2=E[/[@40)?C*GE










MX;2#DWP
-

9-[.4*[K:%%O70;@
T&I$-$RQIJ_=X

M/J@+M.#KI!T0)!@9+2B7%)ZO\&;H'B ^ 4PK)CX


J=[R
M6XW

T%_#JSQ03







:RP $
M            @ $     ;65D+3(P
3@Q
C
Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 
B*

#$X
3(S

M)0  =XT !0              ( !B;D! &UE9TR
#$X
3(S

M4$L! A0#%     @ R(IA3KH3Y'^8@  H@,& !0              ( !Y-X!
M &UE9TR
#$X
3(S

MZIP% !0              ( !%$( &UE9TR
#$X
3(S

3!@     &  8 A $  #2
 @    $!
end



